MenuPage Toasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. House-made corned
beef braised in our IPA with Swiss cheese on marbled rye with 1000 Island
dressing and sauerkraut. Served with house-made kettle chipsToasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. Roasted pork and Black
Forest ham on a authentic Mexican torta bread with yellow mustard,
Swiss cheese and pickles. We ask that no changes be made to this sandwich. Served with house-made kettle chipsLocally caught cod in a house-beer batter with tangy tartar sauce and steak fries.Your choice of Buffalo, House Beer BBQ, or Caribbean Jerk sauces
served with a fried pickle and blue cheese.Thick-cut sweet onions double-dipped in our Brew Free or Die! IPA beer batter and served with jalapeno ranch dip.Seasoned tater tots served with Nico’s special Sriracha aioli.Dusted with seasoned semolina, then fried crispy with sliced jalapeños.
Served with roasted garlic aioli and cocktail sauce.Melted pepper jack cheese with a side of guacamole, pico de gallo
and cilantro cream in a flour tortilla.Tater tot nachos with cheddar cheese, pepper jack cheese, bacon,
pico de gallo, cilantro sour cream, and fresh cilantro.An assortment of locally sourced cured meats and artisan cheeses served with house-made beer-inspired sides. Small size for 2, large size for 4.Wisconsin's own Ellsworth Cooperative Creamery white cheddar cheese curds, beer-battered and fried to order, served with a chipotle ranch dip and marinara.House made corn tortilla chips served with housemade guacamole and salsa.Soups are made daily and often showcase a 21A beer. Please contact the restaurant for the current selection.Made fresh daily. Ask about today’s selection.Pulled chicken, spring mix, Napa cabbage, bean sprouts, shredded carrots,
roasted cashews, fried wontons and sesame vinaigrette.Romaine lettuce with crispy Buffalo chicken, crumbled bleu cheese, smoked bacon, cherry tomatoes, avocado, and egg with bleu cheese dressing.Romaine lettuce with pulled pork carnitas, black beans, sweet corn,
pico de gallo, and tortilla strips tossed in an avocado vinaigrette.Salad with Granny Smith apples, candied pecans, shaved parmesan
cheese and a red wine dijon vinaigrette.House-ground, grass fed, American Wagyu burger served with your choice of cheese,
lettuce, tomato and red onion. Served with house-made kettle chips.A Vegan burger patty served with grilled onions, pickles, lettuce and tomato,
on a vegan burger bun. 
Served with house-made kettle chipsToasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. House-made corned
beef braised in our IPA with Swiss cheese on marbled rye with 1000 Island
dressing and sauerkraut. Served with house-made kettle chipsToasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. Roasted pork and Black
Forest ham on a authentic Mexican torta bread with yellow mustard,
Swiss cheese and pickles. We ask that no changes be made to this sandwich. Served with house-made kettle chipsHouse-made Beer Batter Fried chicken Tenders with cole slaw, and jalapeño
aioli on a soft French roll. Served with house-made kettle chipsTurkey, smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo, on a soft French roll.
Served with house-made kettle chips.House-ground, grass fed, American Wagyu burger with cheddar cheese,
onion rings, smoked bacon and house-made BBQ sauce. Served with house-made kettle chips.House-ground, grass fed, American Wagyu burger with Jack cheese,
fresh jalapeño, avocado and jalapeño aioli.
Served with house-made kettle chips.House-ground, grass fed, American Wagyu burger with crispy parmesan
cheese, sautéed mushroom and truffle aioli.
Served with house-made kettle chipsHouse-ground, grass fed, American Wagyu burger with cheddar cheese,
sautéed mushrooms, green onions, pickles, and house-made beer mustard. Served with house-made kettle chipsSliced Roma tomatoes with mozzarella and fresh basil.Fresh arugula, artichoke, black olives, bell peppers, and mushroom.Four-cheese blend and tomato sauceFour-cheese blend and tomato sauceWhite bechamel sauce base with pulled Buffalo chicken, smoked bacon, crumbled blue cheese and green onion.House Beer BBQ sauce base with grilled chicken tossed in BBQ sauce,
red onion, fresh jalapeño and cilantro.Garlic white sauce, pizza cheese, pepperoni, pulled pork, sausage and jalapenos.Locally caught cod in a house-beer batter with tangy tartar sauce and steak fries.Beer-braised half rack of baby back ribs served with our house beer BBQ sauce, house-made coleslaw and fries.Brined half free-range chicken in our secret house jerk sauce with steak fries, sautéed vegetables, mixed greens, and balsamic reduction.Choice of locally caught cod, carnitas, shredded chicken, vegetarian soy chicken, or grilled steak with corn tortillas, chipotle sauce, shredded cabbage, cilantro cream, pico de gallo and lime. Served with house-made kettle chips and greens.Your choice of chicken, steak, carnitas or vegetarian soy chicken with rice,
black beans, pico de gallo and pepper jack cheese, wrapped in a flour tortilla.Two eggs folded with your choice of 2 toppings. Served with country potatoes and sourdough or wheat toast.Two eggs scrambled with your choice of 2 toppings. Served with country potatoes and sourdough or wheat toast.Two eggs any style with sausage or bacon and country potatoes with sourdough or wheat toast.Tomato tortilla stuffed with scrambled eggs, pepper jack cheese, Italian sausage, pico de gallo, and avocado. Served over tomatillo sauce with cilantro sour cream.Two poached eggs served on a bed of potatoes, sautéed with celery, onion, and garlic with house-cooked corned beef, and topped with Hollandaise sauce.Please contact the restaurant for the current selection.Flour tortilla covered with black bean sauce, avocado, pepper jack cheese, and 2 eggs over-easy and drizzled with tomatillo sauce. Served with country potatoes.Fried corn tortilla chips over black bean purée with scrambled eggs, tomatillo sauce, queso fresco, and cilantro sour cream.Fresh brioche French toast in our house-made honey and vanilla batter, dusted with powdered sugar, and served with fresh seasonal fruit and a side of homemade beer berry compote.An assortment of locally sourced cured meats and artisan cheeses served with house-made beer inspired sides.Your choice of Buffalo, house beer BBQ or Caribbean jerk sauces served with a fried pickle and blue cheese. Pickle baskets also available for an additional charge.Thick-cut sweet onions double-dipped in our Brew Free or Die! IPA beer batter and served with jalapeno ranch dip.Seasoned tater tots served with nico’s special sriracha aioli.Wisconsin's own ellsworth cooperative creamery white cheddar cheese curds, beer-battered and fried to order, served with a chipotle ranch dip and marinara.Dusted with seasoned semolina, then fried crispy with sliced jalapenos. Served with roasted garlic aioli and cocktail sauce.Melted pepper jack cheese with a side of guacamole, pico de gallo and cilantro cream in a flour tortilla Add chicken, steak, carnitas or vegetarian soy chicken for an additional charge.Tater tot nachos with cheddar cheese, pepper jack cheese, bacon, pico de gallo, cilantro sour cream and fresh cilantro.Made fresh daily. Ask about today’s selection.Pulled chicken, spring mix, Napa cabbage, bean sprouts, shredded carrots, roasted cashews, fried wontons and sesame vinaigrette.Romaine lettuce with crispy Buffalo chicken, crumbled blue cheese, smoked bacon, cherry tomatoes, avocado and egg with blue cheese dressing.Romaine lettuce with pulled pork carnitas, black beans, sweet corn, pico de gallo and tortilla strips tossed in an avocado vinaigrette.Salad with Granny Smith apples, candied pecans, shaved Parmesan cheese and a red wine Dijon vinaigrette.Turkey, smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo and on dutch crunch.Toasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. Roasted pork and black forest ham on a authentic Mexican torta bread with yellow mustard, Swiss cheese and pickles. We ask that no changes be made to this sandwich.House-made beer batter fried chicken tenders with coleslaw and jalapeno aioli on a soft dutch crunch roll.An assortment of locally sourced cured meats and artisan cheeses served with house made beer inspired sides.Your choice of Buffalo, house beer BBQ or Caribbean jerk sauces served with a fried pickle and blue cheese. Pickle baskets also available for an additional charge.Melted pepper jack cheese with a side of guacamole, pico de gallo and cilantro cream in a flour tortilla. Add chicken, steak, carnitas or vegetarian soy chicken for an additional charge.Seasoned tater tots served with nico’s special sriracha aioli.Dusted with seasoned semolina, then fried crispy with sliced jalapenos. Served with roasted garlic aioli and cocktail sauce.Tater tot nachos with cheddar cheese, pepper jack cheese, bacon, pico de gallo, cilantro sour cream and fresh cilantro.Fresh house-ground chuck, brew free, aromatics, red beans, cilantro cream, cheddar cheese and red onions.Made fresh daily. Ask about today’s selection..Romaine lettuce with pulled pork carnitas, black beans, sweet corn, pico de gallo and tortilla strips tossed in an avocado vinaigrette. Served with choice of dressing. Add grilled chicken, soy chicken, grilled steak, carnitas, veggie patty and bacon for an additional charges.Salad with granny smith apples, candied pecans, shaved Parmesan cheese and a red wine Dijon vinaigrette. Served with choice of dressing. Add grilled chicken, soy chicken, grilled steak, carnitas, veggie patty and bacon for an additional charges.Pulled chicken, spring mix, Napa cabbage, bean sprouts, shredded carrots, roasted cashews, fried wontons and sesame vinaigrette. Served with choice of dressing. Add grilled chicken, soy chicken, grilled steak, carnitas, veggie patty and bacon for an additional charges.House-ground, grass fed, American wagyu burger served with your choice of cheese, lettuce, tomato and red onion.A Vegan burger patty served with grilled onions, pickles, lettuce and tomato and on a vegan bun. Add cheese or non-dairy cheese for an additional charge.House-ground, grass fed, American wagyu burger with cheddar cheese, onion rings, smoked bacon and house-made BBQ sauce.House-ground, grass fed, American wagyu burger with jack cheese, fresh jalapeno, avocado and jalapeno aioli.House-ground, grass fed, American wagyu burger with crispy Parmesan cheese, sauteed mushroom and truffle aioli.House-ground, grass fed, american wagyu burger with cheddar cheese, sauteed mushrooms, green onions, pickles and house-made beer mustard.Turkey, smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo and on dutch crunch.Toasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. Roasted pork and black forest ham on a authentic Mexican torta bread with yellow mustard, Swiss cheese and pickles. We ask that no changes be made to this sandwich.Sliced roma tomatoes with mozzarella and fresh basil.Fresh arugula, artichoke, black olives, bell peppers and mushroom.White bechamel sauce base with pulled buffalo chicken, smoked bacon, crumbled blue cheese and green onion.House Beer BBQ sauce base with grilled chicken tossed in BBQ sauce, red onion, fresh jalapeno and cilantro.Locally caught cod in a house-beer batter with tangy tartar sauce and steak fries.Beer-braised 1/2 rack of baby back ribs served with our house beer BBQ sauce, house-made coleslaw and fries.Choice of locally caught cod, carnitas, shredded chicken, vegetarian soy chicken or grilled steak with corn tortillas, chipotle sauce, shredded cabbage, cilantro cream, pico de gallo and lime. Served with house-made kettle chips` and greens.Classic rootbeer float.House-made orange soda with vanilla ice-cream.Classic root beer float.House-made orange soda with vanilla ice cream.Dark beer with vanilla ice cream. Must be 21 to purchase.Dark beer with vanilla ice cream. Must be 21 to purchase.Fresh house-ground chuck, Brew Free! or Die IPA, aromatics, red beans, cilantro cream, cheddar cheese, and red onions. Must be 21 to purchase.Fresh house-ground chuck, brew free! or die IPA, aromatics, red beans, cilantro cream, cheddar cheese and red onions. Must be 21 to purchase.Fresh house-ground chuck, brew free! or die IPA, aromatics, red beans, cilantro cream, cheddar cheese and red onions. Must be 21 to purchase.Toasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. House-made corned beef braised in our IPA with Swiss cheese on marbled rye with 1000 Island dressing and sauerkraut. Must be 21 to purchase.Thick cut sweet onions double-dipped in our Brew Free or Die! IPA beer batter and served with jalapeno ranch dip. Must be 21 to purchase.Fresh house-ground chuck, die IPA, aromatics, red beans, cilantro cream, cheddar cheese and red onions. Must be 21 to purchase.Toasted sandwich pressed hot on our panini machine. House-made corned beef braised in our IPA with Swiss cheese on marbled rye with 1000 island dressing and sauerkraut. Must be 21 to purchase.