MenuPage Homemade garlic chili paste, sesame, black garlic oil and mix chili powder. Topped with deep fried soft shell crab 1/2, 2 pieces quail egg, chicken gravy, 1/2 flavored egg and seasonal vegetables. Spicy.Pork flavor with kikurage mushrooms.Pork flavor with roasted pork and pork shoulder meat and kikurage mushrooms.Boiled organic soybean.6 pieces.Pan fried pot stickers.Served with goma (sesame) sauce.6 piece.6 piece.Fried chicken nugget.1 piece.Kimchi and seasoned seaweed.Single bone chicken wings with teriyaki sauce.House special fried chicken wings.Homemade cabbage with Korean chili and fresh fruit.Pork flavor with kikurage mushrooms. Ramen noodles in white broth made from pork bones and topped with katsu. All ramen is topped with roasted pork, half flavored egg, one quail egg and seasonal vegetables.Soy sauce flavor with bamboo. All ramen is topped with roasted pork, half flavored egg, one quail egg and seasonal vegetables.Miso flavor with corn. Spicy.  All ramen is topped with roasted pork, half flavored egg, one quail egg and seasonal vegetables.Homemade garlic chili paste, sesame, black garlic oil and mix chili powder. Topped with deep fried soft shell crab 1/2, 2 pieces quail egg, chicken gravy, 1/2 flavored egg and seasonal vegetables. Spicy.Served with roast pork and pork bell. Homemade minced pork with varieties of chili and pepper sauce. Topping: soft boiled seasoned egg, mushroom and sesame.Premium tender ribs, slow cooked extremity tender ribs for 8 hours with carrot sauce and cinnamon, star anise.Rich and creamy lobster pork flavor.Comes sliced rid eye beef, onion, corn, egg(H) and kikurage mushrooms.Sweet corn, seasoned mix veggie, seaweed, onion, tofu, wakame seaweed and mushroom.Topping; 1/2 shell scallops, prawns, egg, fish, shrimps, tempura shrimps, 1/2 soft shell crab, crab meat stick, mussel, snow crab meat, mushroom, wakame, seaweed and calamari.Pork flavor with kikurage mushrooms.Soy sauce flavor with bamboo.Miso flavor with corn. Spicy.Chopped pork belly over rice.Sliced rib eye beef with onion.Includes Muso tofu soup & house salad & steamed rice, choose bellow items.Crispy poke &onion.eggLobster enhanced broth with deep fried soft shell crab. Topped with deep fried soft shell crab 1/2, snow crab meats, 1 pieces quail egg , chicken gravy, 1/2 flavored egg and seasonal vegetables.Lobster enhanced broth with deep fried soft shell crab. Topped with deep fried soft shell crab 1/2, snow crab meats, 1 pieces quail egg, chicken gravy, 1/2 flavored egg and seasonal vegetables. Rich and creamy lobster pork flavor with roasted pork. Pork shoulder meat. Kikurage mushrooms.Lobster pork flavor with roasted pork, pork shoulder meat and kikurage mushrooms.Pork flavor with roasted pork and pork shoulder meat and kikurage mushrooms.Flavor with roast pork and pork shoulder meat and kikurage mushrooms.Lobster soy sauce flavor with bamboo shoots and ginger paste.Lobster miso flavor with roasted pork and corn. Spicy.Served with roasted pork, corn, spicy pork minced, bamboo shoot, fries onion, and vegetable. Thick noodle without soup. Spicy.Squid ink with black garlic, mussels, fish roe, shrimps, deep fried soft shell card, eggs and calamari. Thick noodle without soup.Grilled chicken with traditional japanese thick sweet sauce and teriyaki. Comes with rice.Deep fried breaded pork cutlet with special sauce. Comes with rice.Grilled mackerel fish. Comes with rice.Fried breaded chicken. Comes with rice.Seafood combo, chicken, roast pork and veggie. Served with shredded cabbage, green onion and onion.Served with shredded cabbage, green onion and onion.Served with egg, shredded cabbage, green onion and onion.Served with shredded cabbage, green onion and onion.Grilled chicken chop over rice. Special rice bowl.Eel fish with dry seaweed and sesame over rice. Special rice bowl.Grilled mackerel over rice. Special rice bowl.Sliced rib eye beef with onion. Special rice bowl.Rib eye beef with teriyaki sauce onion and sesame. Special rice bowl.Special rice bowl.Special rice bowl.Special rice bowl.Special rice bowl.Shrimp. Special rice bowl.