MenuPage Ham, peppers, onions and American cheese. Served with toast.Grilled turkey, provolone cheese, avocado, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.11.5 oz.Ham, peppers, onions and American cheese. Served with toast.Served with toast.Tomatoes, jalapeno, pepper Jack cheese and ham. Served with toast.Broccoli, peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese. Served with toast.Grilled chicken, peppers and provolone cheese. Served with toast.Egg whites, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, peppers and cheese. Served with toast.Feta cheese, peppers, broccolli and onions. Served with toast.Chopper sausage, bacon and cheddar cheese. Served with toast.Mixed spring lettuce, chicken, Parmesan cheese, croutons, Caesar dressing, salt and peppers.Mixed spring lettuce, Swiss cheese, ham, turkey, boiled egg, cucumbers, tomatoes, avocado and croutons.Mixed spring lettuce, avocado, crispy chicken, broccoli, mushrooms, corn and French dressing.Chicken and lamb.Lettuce and tomatoes.Lettuce and tomatoes.Mushrooms, onions and Swiss cheese.Fried eggs, avocado, onions, jalapeno, pepper, and pepper Jack cheese.Ham, provolone cheese, pepper Jack cheese and green peppers.Maple honey turkey and American cheese with honey mustard, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Roast beef, mozzarella cheese, sauteed onions, 1 fried egg, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Grilled Cajun  turkey, pepper Jack cheese, jalapeno, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Grilled chicken and mozzarella cheese topped with Italian dressing, sliced pickle, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Oven gold turkey, bacon, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Deluxe ham, Genoa salami, provolone chese, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Deluxe ham, melted Swiss cheese and sliced pickle. Served with a free can of soda.Buffalo chicken, American cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Everroast chicken, pepperoni, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Roast beef, pepper Jack cheese, jalapeno, onions, tomatoes and lettuce. Served with a free can of soda.Beef bologna, American cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Grilled turkey, provolone cheese, avocado, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Cajun turkey, mozzarella, cheddar cheese and pepper Jack cheeses with lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Grilled BBQ chicken, Muenster cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Served with a free can of soda.Buffalo chicken breast, pepper Jack cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. Served with a free can of soda.7.2 oz.milk chocolate and dark chocolate.1.4 oz.2.4 oz. Chocoalte raisin, white chocolate macadamia and crunchy peanut butter.2.8 oz. Chocolate peanut butter, chocolate deluxe and banana.5.2 oz3.4oz4 oz6.5 oz6 oz4.5 oz4.8 oz13 oz13 oz14.3 oz10.3 ozPeppermintBubblemint