MenuPage Yuzu marinated ahi tuna, grilled pineapple, sweet Maui onion, edamame, soy glazed shiitake, green onion, toasted sesame seeds, avocado wasabi sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Soy glazed salmon, pickled fennel, grilled pineapple, sweet Maui onion, pickled red cabbage, soy glazed shiitake, toasted sesame seeds, spicy coconut peanut sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Peeky Toe crab, roasted corn, daikon radish, cucumber, jicama, cherry tomato, tobiko, chipotle chili sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Mango glazed shrimp, sweet shaved coconut, mango, pickled ginger, cucumber, crunchy onion, shaved beets, sweet pinneapple chili sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki marinated Tofu, daikon radish sprouts, edamame, soy glazed shiitake, roasted corn, sweet Maui onion, mixed sesame seeds, citrus teriyaki sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Sweet chili pineapple glazed cage-free chicken, red quinoa, sweet shaved coconut, roasted corn, sweet Maui onion, mixed sesame seeds, citrus teriyaki sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki all natural steak, green onion, carrots, red onion, purple basil, avocado, crunchy onion, citrus teriyaki sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Anise glazed pork, pickled ginger, sweet Maui onion, red quinoa, green onion, carrots, Maui pineapple salsa, jicama, apricot habanero sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Pan seared duck breast, carrots, avocado, Maui pineapple salsa, jicama, shaved beets, radish, sweet pineapple chili sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki tempeh, jicama, edamame, avocado, green onion, shaved beets, wasabi peas, citrus teriyaki sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Sweet chili pineapple glazed cage-free chicken, pickled red cabbage, edamame, roasted corn, jicama, pickled onion, cashews, spicy coconut peanut sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Yuzu marinated ahi tuna, red onion, mango, cucumber, carrots, celery, avocado, wasabi peas, ula ula sauce. Served with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Served with warm white sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the sideYuzu marinated ahi tuna, grilled pineapple, sweet Maui onion, edamame, soy glazed shiitake, green onion, toasted sesame seeds, avocado wasabi sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Soy glazed salmon, pickled fennel, grilled pineapple, sweet Maui onion, pickled red cabbage, soy glazed shiitake, toasted sesame seeds, spicy coconut peanut sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Peeky toe crab, roasted corn, daikon radish, cucumber, jicama, cherry tomato, tobiko, chipotle chili sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Mango glazed shrimp, sweet shaved coconut, mango, pickled ginger, cucumber, crunchy onion, shaved beets, sweet pineapple chili sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki marinated Tofu, daikon radish sprouts, edamame, soy glazed shiitake, roasted corn, sweet Maui onion, mixed sesame seeds, citrus teriyaki sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Sweet chili pineapple glazed cage-free chicken, red quinoa, sweet shaved coconut, roasted corn, pickled onion, avocado, radish, sweet pineapple chili sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki all natural steak, green onion, carrots, red onion, purple basil, avocado, crunchy onion, citrus teriyaki sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Anise glazed pork, pickled ginger, sweet Maui onion, red quinoa, green onion, carrots, Maui pineapple salsa, jicama, apricot habanero sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Pan seared duck breast, carrots, avocado, Maui pineapple salsa, jicama, shaved beets, radish, sweet pineapple chili sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Citrus Teriyaki tempeh, jicama, edamame, avocado, green onion, shaved beets, wasabi peas, citrus teriyaki sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Sweet chili pineapple glazed cage-free chicken, pickled red cabbage, edamame, roasted corn, jicama, pickled onion, cashews, spicy coconut teriyaki sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Yuzu marinated ahi tuna, red onion, mango, cucumber, carrots, celery, avocado, wasabi peas, diablo ula ula sauce. Sushi style burrito wrapped in nori made with warm sushi rice and chilled topping with chilled proteins. Sauce served on the side.Burrito style with rice, protein, toppings, and crunch wrapped in Nori. Sauce served on the sideAhi tuna, nori, white rice, cucumber, daikon radish, toasted sesame seeds. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Mango glazed shrimp, nori, white rice, mango, scallions, bacon. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Avocado, nori, white rice, carrot, red cabbage, roasted quinoa. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.New England lobster, nori, white rice, scallion, carrot, sambal oelek, sesame seeds. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Salmon, nori, white rice, sesame seeds, avocado, cucumber. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Peeky toe crabmeat, nori, white rice, avocado, cucumber. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Tuna, nori, white rice, daikon radish, carrot, sambal oelek chili. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Mango shrimp, nori, white rice, chipotle aioli, avocado, pickled onion, torilla corn chips. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Avocado, nori, white rice, mango, carrot, jalapeno, jicama. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Lobster salad, nori, white rice, scallions. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Salmon, tobiko, nori, white rice, avocado, carrots. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Peeky toe crab, tobiko, nori, white rice, avocado, carrots. Served with Kikkoman soy sauce and wasabi on the side.Coconut Milk, Pineapple, Banana, Shredded Coconut, Agave, Sea SaltAlmond milk, mango, spinach, avocado, chia, agave, sea salt.Pomegranate juice, mixed berries, sweet cherries, coconut butter, cinnamon, agave, sea salt.Coconut water, stone fruits, chia, flax, agave, sea salt.Coconut water, pineapple, mango, mint, limeAlmond milk, Low Fat Yogurt, Mango, Cardamom, Agave, Sea SaltApple, kale, celery, lemon, ginger.Pineapple, mint, ginger, lemon.Apple, lime, cucumber, celery, ginger.Beet, carrot, spinach, parsley, lemon.