MenuPage Choose the ingredients you like and we'll make it authentic Stir-fry. (Vegetarian and Non-spicy options available).
Comes with 1 side of rice. 
 $26-$40 comes with 2 rice.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Include: Fish fillet, Squid, Baby shrimp, Fish ball, Shrimp ball, Clam, Fish tofu, Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Choose the ingredients you like and we'll make it authentic Stir-fry. (Vegetarian and Non-spicy options available).
Comes with 1 side of rice. 
 $26-$40 comes with 2 rice.Served with  2 servings of rice.Served with free rice.Served with rice.Served with rice.Served with rice.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Include: Fish fillet, Squid, Baby shrimp, Fish ball, Shrimp ball, Clam, Fish tofu, Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Include:Fatty beef, Beef tripe, Beef sausage, Ham, Winter melon, potato, cabbage, lotus root, tofu, seaweed, woodear, dried tofu, veg, vermicelli and rice cake.Beef, shredded carrot and cucumber. Spicy.Pig ear and shredded carrot. Spicy.Peanut, cucumber and carrot.Beef tendon. Spicy.Beef, intestine, shredded carrot and cucumber. Spicy.Beef, cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion. Hot and spicy.Egg, cabbage, carrot, onion and Scallion. Hot and spicy.Shrimp, cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion. Hot and spicy.Vegetable, cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion. Hot and spicy.Ham, cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion. Hot and spicy.Pork, egg, cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion. Hot and spicy.Shrimp, squil, fish ball, shrimp balls and scallion. Hot and spicy.Green peas, corn kernal, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Green peas, corn kernel, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Shrimp, green peas, corn kernel, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Baby shrimp, fish ball, shrimp ball, corn kernal, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Beef, egg, green peas, corn kernal, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Pork, egg, green peas, corn kernal, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Cucumber, carrot, egg, green peas, corn kernal, carrot and scallion. Hot and spicy.Woodear, bean sprout, lettuce and bok choy. Spicy.Woodear, bean sprout, lettuce and bok choy. Spicy.Woodear, bean sprout, lettuce and bok choy. Spicy.Pork intestine, green pepper and onion. Spicy.Mushroom, carrot and beef.Pork, woodear, bamboo and pepper carrot. Spicy.Pig kidney, onion, pepper and carrot. Spicy.Beef, chili pepper and carrot. Spicy.Lamb, chili pepper and carrot. Spicy.Shrimp. Spicy.Fish fillet and carrot. Spicy.Soft tofu and pork. Spicy.Pork belly, woodear, onion, pepper and carrot. Spicy.Beef, broccoli and carrot.Shrimp, broccoli and carrot.Chicken, broccoli and carrot.Chicken, onion, green pepper, carrot and peanut. Spicy.Chicken legs, chili pepper and carrot. Spicy.Beef, needle mushroom and bean curd.Cabbage and pork belly.Shrimp, potato, woodear, lotus root and onion.Pork intestine, lotus root, woodear and onion.Pig kidney, onion, pepper and carrot.Beef, onion and carrot.Crab.Beef, pepper and  bean curd.Shredded pork and shredded green pepper.Broccoli. Hot and spicy.Chinese cabbage. Hot and spicy.Shanghai bakchoy. Hot and spicy.King oyster mushroom. Hot and spicy.Stir fried dried hot pot with ingredients: fatty beef, beef sausage ball, ham, cabbage, bok-choy, broccoli, fried
tofu, string bean, bean sprouts, king-oyster mushroom, enoki mushroom, and ramen noodle.Stir fried dried hot pot with ingredients: chicken, chicken wing, ham, cabbage, bok-choy, broccoli, fried
tofu, string bean, bean sprouts, king-oyster mushroom, enoki mushroom and ramen noodle.Stir fried dried hot pot with ingredients: fish fillet. fish sausage ball, fish cake tofu, squid, baby shrimp, cabbage,  bok-choy, broccoli, fried tofu, string bean, bean sprouts, king-oyster mushroom, enoki mushroom and ramen noodle.Stir fried dried hot pot with ingredients: fried tofu, tofu skin, king-oyster mushroom, enoki mushroom, black
mushroom, wood-ear mushroom, ramen noodle, cabbage, bok-choy, broccoli, fried tofu, string bean, bean sprouts, bamboo shoot and lotus root.Fish fillet, squid, baby shrimp fish ball, shrimp ball, clam and fish tofu.Fatty beef, beef tripe, beef sausage ball and luncheon meat.