MenuPage Barbecue beef, short ribs, and chicken. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Choice of 2 items. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.3 pieces.6 pieces of chicken, 3 pieces of beef, and 3 piece short ribs. Serves 3-4 people. Not served with sides.6 pieces of chicken, 4 pieces of fried fish, and 4 shrimp. Serves 3-4 people. Not served with sides.12 pieces of chicken, 6 pieces of beef, and 6 piece short ribs. Serves 6-8 people. Not served with sides.12 pieces of chicken, 8 pieces of fried fish, and 8 shrimp. Serves 6-8 people. Not served with sides.18 pieces of chicken, 9 pieces of beef, and 9 piece short ribs. Serves 9-12 people. Not served with sides.18 pieces of chicken, 12 pieces of fried fish, and 12 shrimp. Serves 9-12 people. Not served with sides.6 pieces.Chicken, shrimp, and beef.Shrimp, spam, and chicken.Choice of spam or chicken.Fried basa, fried shrimp, and choice of protein. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Barbecue beef, short ribs, and chicken. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Fried shrimp and fish. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Choice of 2 items. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Choice of protein. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of side.Plentiful of deep fried shrimp cooked to perfection. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Plentiful of deep fried shrimp cooked to perfection. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Fish fillet to golden brown and comes with tartar sauce. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Fish fillet to golden brown and comes with tartar sauce. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Prawns sauteed with rich garlic, green onion, and butter with pepper. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Prawns sauteed with rich garlic, green onion, and butter with pepper. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Homemade hamburger served with gravy. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Homemade hamburger served with gravy. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Thinly sliced BBQ beef, marinated with our special BBQ teriyaki sauce. Served with one scoop of rice and one scoop of salad.Thinly sliced BBQ beef, marinated with our special BBQ teriyaki sauce. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Juicy beef short ribs marinated in BBQ sauce and grilled to perfection. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Juicy beef short ribs marinated in BBQ sauce and grilled to perfection. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Hamburger patties over rice covered with brown gravy and topped with eggs. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Hamburger patties over rice covered with brown gravy and topped with eggs. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Golden crispy breaded chicken topped with a special brown gravy. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Golden crispy breaded chicken topped with a special brown gravy. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Crispy breaded chicken fillet served with our famous katsu dipping sauce. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Crispy breaded chicken fillet served with our famous katsu dipping sauce. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Grilled boneless chicken marinated in our special BBQ sauce. Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Grilled boneless chicken marinated in our special BBQ sauce. Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 1 scoop of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.Served with 2 scoops of rice and choice of 1 scoop of macaroni salad or tossed green salad.1 piece.1 piece.1 piece.1 piece.BBQ short ribs, Hawaiian beef, Hawaiian BBQ chicken, and 2 eggs. Not served with sides.Hawaiian beef, BBQ chicken, and 1 egg. Not served with sides.Served with brown rice and a green salad.Served with brown rice and a green salad.Served with brown rice and a green salad.Served with brown rice and a green salad.Vegetarian.BBQ chicken and egg.1 piece Spam, 1 piece katsu, 1 piece BBQ chicken, and 1 piece sausage musubi.2 scoops.2 scoops.2 scoops.4 pieces.4 pieces.12 pieces.Hawaiian cookie.