MenuPage Our famous southern fried chicken served atop a Belgian waffle with maple syrup.English muffin topped with poached eggs, Canadian bacon and Hollandaise sauce. Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.English muffin topped with poached eggs. Topped with tomato, avocado, jalapeno jack cheese and cilantro lime hollandaise sauce. Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.English muffin topped with poached eggs. Made with smoked salmon and hollandaise sauce. Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.Benny with a twist: two salmon cakes topped with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.Two eggs, any style, with skirt steak, country potatoes and fresh fruit.Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.Andouville sausage, scrambled eggs, red beans, rice and fundido cheese. Served with ranchero sauce and guacamole.Two eggs over-easy with bacon, black beans and country potatoes.Challah bread sliced dipped in a batter of egg, milk, cinnamon and cocoa powder. Served with maple syrup and fresh fruit.Served with Canadian bacon, maple syrup, and fresh fruit.Served with maple syrup, and fresh fruit.Chicken breast marinated with pesto. Grilled and placed on a roll with arugula, tomato, onion and mayonnaise. Served with country potatoes and fresh fruit.Grilled or blackened with Cheddar or jalapeno Jack cheese, lettuce and onion.Served on a roll with mesclun greens, tomato and onion with a side of country potatoes and fresh fruit.Crispy shrimp with avocado, pickled red onion, mint creme fraiche and lemon on pita. Served with fresh coleslaw.Grilled chicken served atop mesclun greens with Bermuda onion, shredded cheese and shredded tortilla chips.Grilled shrimp, avocado, lettuce, chipotle mayo. Served with french friesPortobello mushrooms, zucchini, yellow squash, tomato, and chipotle mayo. Served with mixed green salad.With tomato sauce, basil and mozzarella cheese.With tomatoes, basil, garlic and oil.Tomato, basil and mozzarella cheese.Julienne vegetables, sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese.With country potatoes and fresh fruit.Served with Parmesan vinaigrette.Served with choice of dressing.Served with basil balsamic vinaigrette.Served with sour cream and salsa.Served with remoulade sauce.Served with blue cheese dressing.Sour cream, salsa and guacamole.Guacamole, Mexican slaw and chipotle aioli.Beer batter shrimp, guacamole, Mexican slaw and cucumber.With crabmeat.With bonito flake, grated ginger, daikon, sodillion and tempura sauce.With herb mayonnaise.With ponzu sauce.With citrus dipping sauce.With black and white sesame seed and spicy Cajun spice.Kani, cucumber, tobiko, mayo and sesame seed.With seaweed and tofu.Nine pieces assorted sashimi.Please contact the restaurant for the daily selection.With arugula, cucumber, mango, red onion and honey mustard vinaigrette.With spicy mayo, tobiko, lettuce and cucumber.Four pieces sushi and asparagus roll.Served with tempura sauce.Pan-fried vegetable dumpling.Served with grilled peppers, onions, assorted condiments, steamed tortillas and Cajun rice.Made with basil tomato sauce.Served with boneless chicken, arugula, capers and sweet cherry peppers in brown chicken stock.In roasted red pepper, tomato, sauce and topped with fresh basil and mozzarella cheese.Made with broccoli and shrimp, in white wine garlic lemon sauce.Served with sauteed spinach, mashed potatoes and dill vinaigrette.Served with spicy garlic broccoli, rice and chipotle pepper sauce.Served with spicy garlic broccoli, rice and chipotle pepper sauce.Served on a bed of grilled vegetables and rice with dill vinaigrette.Served with roasted new potatoes and herb mayonnaise.Served with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and cajun rice.Served with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and cajun rice.Served with smoked chicken, shrimp, calamari, clams and andouille sausage in corn, sweet pepper etoufee sauce. Served with Cajun rice.Served with mashed potatoes, spinach and chipotle pepper sauce.Pesto marinated breast of chicken on a bed of Caesar salad.In Marsala wine sauce with mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach and mushroom.Serve with rice and assorted condiments.Serve with rice and assorted condiments.Served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Served with mayonnaise and french fries.Served with lettuce, tomato and onion with french fries.Served with lettuce, tomato and onion with french fries.Served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Topped with sauteed sweet onions and served with mashed potatoes and collard greens.Served with raspberry vinaigrette.Served with mashed potatoes and garlic spinach in tequila lime sauce.Two soft four tortillas with chicken and cheese. Served with guacamole, salsa and Cajun rice.Your choice of salad. Salad dressing is served on the side. Please call restaurant for soup of the day.Served with mashed potatoes and garlic spinach. Please call restaurant for catch of the day.Served with french fries.In roasted red pepper and tomato sauce, with fresh basil and mozzarella cheese.Served with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and Cajun rice.Pesto marinated breast of chicken on a bed of Caesar salad. Salad dressing is served on the side.Served with mashed potatoes.Served with coleslaw and mayonnaise.Served with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and Cajun rice.Served with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and Cajun rice.Served with 4 piece crunchy tempura roll, 3 piece salmon sashimi, 1 piece tuna sushi, 1 piece shrimp sushi, edamame, seaweed salad and 4 piece vegetable gyoza.Kani, avocado, cucumber and tobiko.Cooked salmon, avocado and cucumber.Cooked eel and cucumber.Fresh tuna, tobiko and house spicy sauce.Tuna, avocado and tobiko.Shrimp, cucumber and house special sauce.Tempura shrimp, cucumber and tobiko outside.Shiitake mushrooms, spinach, asparagus, carrot and avocado inside with seaweed outside.Shrimp, tobiko, mayo and lettuce.Cooked eel and avocado.Fresh salmon, tempura flakes and spicy mayonnaise.Smoked salmon, cream cheese and cucumber.Yellowtail, salmon, tuna and tobiko.Tempura shrimp, avocado, cucumber, kani and tobiko outside.White tuna and scallion.Kani, tempura flake and spicy mayo.9 pieces of sushi and 1 California roll. Served with miso soup.18 pieces of assorted sashimi.  Served with miso soup.Tuna sashimi on bowl of sushi rice. Served with miso soup.Assorted sashimi on bowl of sushi rice. Served with miso soup.Eel on bowl of sushi rice. Served with miso soup.4 sushi, 15 sashimi and 1 California roll. Served with miso soup.6 sushi and 1 California roll. Served with miso soup.1 avocado, 1 asparagus and 1 oshinko. Served with miso soup.1 California roll, 1 tuna and 1 salmon avocado. Served with miso soup.1 yellowtail, 1 eel and 1 California roll. Served with miso soup.3 salmon roll. Served with miso soup.3 tuna roll. Served with miso soup.Spicy shrimp, spicy tuna and crunchy spicy salmon. Served with miso soup.Kani, avocado, and cucumber inside, tuna, salmon and white fish outside.Cooked eel, avocado and cucumber inside and avocado outside.Spicy tuna inside, eel, avocado and tobiko outside.Shrimp, kani, avocado and cucumber inside, avocado, tuna, tobiko and seaweed salad outside.Avocado, cucumber, and kani inside, spicy tuna and tobiko outside.Kani, avocado and cucumber inside and eel outside.Spicy salmon, cucumber and avocado inside, sesame seeds and wasabi tobiko outside.Tempura shrimp and asparagus inside, salmon outside with spicy mayo.Mayo, salmon and avocado inside, salmon caviar outside.Tuna, salmon, avocado and cucumber inside. Wasabi tobiko and tobiko inside.Tempura shrimp, cucumber and tobiko inside, eel and tobiko outside.Spicy tuna and tempura flakes inside, tuna and avocado outside.Crispy soft shell crab, cucumber and avocado inside and tobiko outside.Teriyaki sauce on the side. 8 pieces. Chicken, Japanese pickles, carrot and cucumber.Teriyaki sauce on the side. 8 pieces. Beef, scallion and cucumber.Teriyaki sauce on the side. 8 pieces. Tempura, shrimp, carrot, asparagus and seaweed outside.Please call restaurant for the daily dessert specials.