MenuPage Boneless chicken in a moderately spiced garlic and onion gravy based sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Naan with garlic, turmeric spread on top and topped with butter.Plain white long grain rice with peas on top.Yogurt sweetened with mango puree.Milk and black tea.2 pieces. Fried flour wrap with spices and peas.Fried mixed vegetable 5 piece fritters of potatoes, cauliflower, onions and spinach fried with chickpea batter.2 pieces of samosa, and 4 pieces of pakora.2 pieces of crispy chickpea batter wafers.Fried chunks of potatoes, mixed with cucumbers, tomatoes, cilantro, and a mix of spices.Diced chicken mixed with cucumbers, tomatoes, cilantro and a mix of spices.Yellow, orange lentils delicately spiced with a piece of lemon.Creamy, lightly spiced with diced chicken with a piece of lemon.Char grilled chicken (on the bone) marinated in yogurt, ginger, garlic, and spices topped with cilantro.Char grilled boneless chicken marinated in yogurt and lightly spiced, topped with cilantro.Boneless char grilled lamb marinated in yogurt, Indian herbs and spices topped with cilantro.Minced lamb mixed with aromatic herbs, cumin and topped with cilantro.Tiger prawns marinated in turmeric, ginger and a blend of spices. Topped with cilantro.Paneer cubes grilled with peppers, onions, and tomatoes roasted in a clay oven. Topped with cilantro.Classic chicken curry all dark meat in an onion based gravy with Indian spices topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Chicken and potatoes cooked in a spicy gravy topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless chicken in a moderately spiced garlic and onion gravy based sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless tandoori chicken in a tomato based mildly spiced curry sauce topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless chicken cooked in a creamed spinach sauce topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless chicken piece cooked in a mild cashew, golden raisins and saffron sauce.Boneless chicken cooked in a mild coconut sauce with garlic and a little bit of tomato sauce. Topped with cilantro and tomato.Boneless chicken in a tangy house specialty sauce topped with cilantro and tomato.The classic lamb curry topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Lamb cooked with potatoes and herbs in a spicy sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless lamb cooked in a mild cashew, golden raisins and saffron sauce.Boneless lamb cooked in a mild coconut sauce with garlic, and a little bit of tomato sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless lamb in a tangy house specialty sauce topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Minced lamb stuffed with raisins and cashew nuts in curry sauce, another house specialty. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Boneless lamb cooked in a creamed spinach sauce topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Tilapia cooked in a light sauce of onions, tomatoes, turmeric and spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Tiger prawns sauteed with onions, ginger, fresh tomatoes, herbs, spices and saffron. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Tiger prawns cooked in a creamed spinach sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Tiger prawns cooked with fresh bell peppers, onions and spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Tilapia and tiger prawns cooked in a light sauce of onions, tomatoes, turmeric, and spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomatoes.Prawns cooked in a mild coconut milk sauce with garlic, onions and tomatoes.Tiger prawns cooked in a mild coconut sauce with garlic and a bit of tomato sauce topped with fresh cilantro and tomatoFarmer's cheese in a moderately spiced garlic and onion gravy based sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Homemade farmer cheese and green peas in a tomato base gravy with spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Fresh spinach cooked with cream and homemade farmer's cheese. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Homemade farmer cheese and potato balls with golden raisins served in a mild cream sauce. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Garbanzo beans cooked with fresh tomatoes, ginger, garlic, coriander and spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Mixed fresh vegetables, potatoes, carrots, zucchini, green beans, paneer, bell pepper, and cauliflower cooked in a blend of aromatic herbs and spices. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Vegetables mixed green beans, paneer, potatoes, green peas and carrots cooked in cream with cashews and raisins.Homemade farmer's cheese sauteed with onion and ginger in a rich sauce. Vegetarian.Fresh cauliflower and potatoes cooked with onions, turmeric and fresh herbs. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Yellow lentils delicately spiced with garlic, cumin and coriander. Topped with fresh cilantro and tomato.Farmers cheese in a moderately spiced; garlic and ginger in a rich tomato and onion based saucePotato cooked with cream and spinach topped with fresh cilantro and tomatoFlour, eggs and milk topped with butter.Whole wheat flour baked in the tandoor topped with butter.Naan with garlic, turmeric spread on top and topped with butter.Whole wheat flour with potatoes and peas stuffed inside topped with butter.Naan bread stuffed with diced onions and topped with butter.Naan bread stuffed with mildly spiced ground lamb. Topped with butter.Naan bread stuffed with ground cherries, cashew, raisins, coconut and almonds. Topped with butter.Plain white long grain rice with peas on top.Saffron flavored basmati rice with spiced chicken, golden raisins and cashews with cilantro on top.Saffron flavored basmati rice with spiced lamb, golden raisins and cashews with cilantro on top.Saffron flavored basmati rice with vegetables, nuts, golden raisins and cashews with cilantro on top.Saffron flavored basmati rice with spiced prawns, golden raisins, and cashews with cilantro on top.Mango relish.A blend of yogurt, cucumbers and carrots.Fried dry milk doughnuts in a sweet syrup.Basmati rice cooked slowly in milk, cashews, pistachios and golden raisins.