MenuPage Gluten free. Award-winning gluten-free recipe made of dry chickpeas and lots of greens.Free range chicken breast marinated in our house blend of Mediterranean spices.Free range chicken thigh marinated in our signature blend of spices.Boneless white meat chicken coated in homemade breadcrumb blend.Marinated and grilled with onions, parsley, and Mediterranean spices.Naturally raised beef. Made to order.Vegetarian.Vegan, Shawarma, Marinated and our signature blend spicedPlease contact the restaurant for daily selection.  Minestrone and Broccoli/Cauliflower is the soup for today.Hummus, lettuce, Israeli salad, onion, pickles and tzatziki in choice of style. Vegetarian.Hummus, Israeli salad, Moroccan carrots, pickles, organic boiled egg and creamy garlic in choice of style.Lettuce, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, onion, cabbage and tzatziki in choice of style.Hummus, onion, cabbage, Israeli salad, lettuce and tahini in choice of style.Hummus, corn, cherry tomatoes, Moroccan carrots, lettuce and harissa ranch dressing in choice of style.Lettuce, cherry tomatoes, onion, cabbage, roasted beets and med. chimichurri dressing in choice of style.Hummus, Israeli salad, cabbage, pickles and tahini in choice of style. Vegetarian.Hummus, Israeli salad, lettuce, onion and tahini in choice of style. Vegetarian.Marinated and grilled with onions, parsley, and Mediterranean spices. Served with hummus, Isreali salad, pickles, and tahini.Gluten free. In a whole wheat wrap with hummus, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles and tahini.Free range chicken breast marinated in our house blend of Mediterranean spices.Free range chicken thigh marinated in our signature blend of spices.Boneless white meat chicken coated in homemade breadcrumb blend.Marinated and grilled with onions, parsley, and Mediterranean spices. Served with hummus, Isreali salad, pickles, and tahini.Naturally raised beef. Made to order.Vegetarian.Vegan, Shawarma, Marinated and our signature blend spicedLettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion and tahini. Gluten free.Free range chicken breast marinated in our house blend of Mediterranean spices.Free range chicken thigh marinated in our signature blend of spices.Boneless white meat chicken coated in homemade breadcrumb blend.Marinated and grilled with onions, parsley, and Mediterranean spices.Naturally raised beef. Made to order.Vegetarian.Vegan, Shawarma, Marinated and our signature blend spicedServed with guacamole, cilantro, onions, diced tomatoes, and tahini dressing.Served with guacamole, cilantro, onions, diced tomatoes, and tahini dressing.Served with guacamole, cilantro, onions, diced tomatoes, and tahini dressing.Served with guacamole, cilantro, onions, diced tomatoes, and tahini dressing.Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side. Gluten-free recipe made of dry chickpea and lots of greens.Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side. Free range chicken breast marinated in our house blend of Mediterranean spices.Tender chicken thigh marinated in our house blend of spices, artfully crafted and roasted in a traditional style. Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side.Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side.Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side.Rib eye steak marinated in our house blend of spices, artfully crafted and roasted in a traditional style. Served with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side.Served with hummus, Falafel, and Pita breadServed with hummus, pita, choice of salad or fries and choice of side.Vegan, Shawarma, Marinated and our signature blend spicedHome style, cut fresh daily.Lettuce, cherry tomato, carrot, cabbage and balsamic vinaigrette.Award-winning gluten-free recipe made of dry chickpeas3 oz.3 oz.8 oz.8 oz. Vegetarian dish, pearled pasta made from wheat flour and prepared with sauteed onions and spices.Two cigars, one, pastel, and one kubbeh.Home fries, bacon, cheddar, eggs, Israeli salad, and jalapenos.Spinach, eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, and tzatziki.Broccoli, spinach, eggs, mushrooms, Israeli salad.Hard boiled egg, a yogurt spread, tomatoes, a tar spices, and olive oil.Nutella, bananas, strawberry, and walnuts.Mediterranean yogurt with extra virgin olive oil, and zatar.Hand cut tomatoes, cucumber, parsley cabbage, and extra virgin olive oil. Consists of tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, purple cabbage, and imported Israeli pickles.Juicy tomatoes, crisp cucumber, sliced red onion, green pepper, crumbly feta cheese, and plump Kalamata olives. Consists of tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, purple cabbage, and imported Israeli pickles.Mixed greens, tomato, cucumbers, parsley, avocado, corn, and olive oil. Consists of tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, purple cabbage, and imported Israeli pickles.10 pieces.10 pieces.10 pieces.30 pieces. Savory pastry filled with mushrooms, onions, and spices.10 pieces of your choice of protein.20 falafel balls with hummus and Tahi on our decorated platter.30 falafel balls with hummus and Tahini on our decorated platter.Topped evenly with hummus, cherry tomatoes, and our famous falafel.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Hummus, egg, and eggplant. Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Hummus, egg, and eggplant. Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.Served with Israeli salad, tahini, pickles, and hummus.Served with hummus, Israel salad, choice of couscous or rice.20 pieces.20 pieces.20 pieces.Your choice of 1 entree, 4 sides and 3 sauces. Comes with pita, hummus and assorted pickles. Served buffet style.Includes your choice of 2 entrees, 4 sides and 3 sauces. Comes with pita, hummus and assorted pickles.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.12 oz.24 oz.24 oz.24 oz.24 oz.24 oz.24 oz.20 pieces. Golden brown filled dough, with a thick middle layer of crushed walnuts, topped with syrup and a sprinkle of pistachios.20 pieces. They’re deluxe. pillowy soft, swirly, dream rolls topped with crushed pistachios bursting with flavor.