MenuPage 4 mini pancakes, choice of ham, sausage or bacon and 2 eggs any style and homemade hash brown.Fresh squeezed.Fresh squeezed.Comes with homemade hash brown and choice of toast.Comes with homemade hash brown and choice of toast.Comes with homemade hash brown and choice of toast.Comes with homemade hash brown and choice of toast.Topped with melted cheddar, tomatoes, avocado and onion.Come with country gravy, 2 eggs any style, homemade hash brown and toast.2 homemade biscuits smothered in country gravy served with 2 eggs and homemade hash brown.Fresh corned beef hash, 2 eggs any style, homemade hash brown and choice of toast.4 mini pancakes, choice of ham, sausage or bacon and 2 eggs any style and homemade hash brown.2 poached eggs with Canadian bacon on English muffins and topped with hollandaise sauce. Served with homemade hash brown.2 poached eggs with fresh spinach, tomatoes and avocado on English muffins and topped with hollandaise sauce. Served with homemade hash brown.Comes with ham, sausage and bacon.Mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes, bell pepper and pepper jack.Ham, bell pepper, onions and cheddar.Shrimps, cheese, mushrooms and onion.Crab meat with cheese, mushrooms and onion.Grilled chicken, spinach and cheddar cheese.Fresh spinach, tomatoes, onions, pesto and feta.Spinach, bacon, onion and cheddar.Spinach, avocado, tomatoes and feta cheese.All natural ground beef, mushrooms, spinach, onion and cheddar cheese.3 eggs scrambled with ground chuck, bell peppers, mushrooms, onion, tomatoes and cheddar cheese.Egg white, tomatoes, fresh basil, cheddar and avocado. Served with homemade hash brown and choice of toast.Mixed greens, balsamic vinaigrette and croutons.Baby spinach, red onions, bacon, feta and balsamic vinaigrette.Thinly sliced grilled steak covered with sauteed onion, bell pepper and provolone cheese on sourdough.Sliced turkey with avocado, bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mayonnaise on choice of bread.Served with bacon, lettuce and tomato.Battered cod fried crisp and served with tartar sauce.All natural ground Angus beef, lettuce, tomatoes, onion and pickle.Choice of cheese with bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onion and pickle.Choice of cheese with lettuce, tomatoes, onion and pickle.All natural ground Angus beef, fried egg, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onion and pickle.Veggie patty, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, pickles and pesto mayonnaise.12 pieces.6 pieces.6 pieces.6 pieces.6 pieces.6 pieces.6 pieces.3 pieces.4 pieces.Served 3-4 people.Served 3-4 people.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.Bottle. Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.16 oz. Must be 21 to purchase.