MenuPage BBQ Half Chicken served with your choice of sidesServed on a brioche bun with pickles, cabbage, pickled onions, crispy onions, a side of slaw and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.1/4 rack of tender, juicy, and fall off the bone ribsBBQ Half Chicken served with your choice of sidesPulled Pork served with cornbread, & your choice of two sides.Pulled Pork & Two Ribs served with your choice of sidePulled BBQ Chicken with Cornbread and your choice of 2 sidesSelect a BBQ Protein with 2 side itemsServed on a brioche bun with pickles, cabbage, pickled onions, crispy onions, a side of slaw and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.Slow Beer Smoked Brisket melts in your mouth - Served on a brioche bun with pickles, cabbage, pickled onions, crispy onions, a side of slaw and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.Served on a brioche bun with pickles and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.Served on a brioche bun with pickles, cabbage, pickled onions, crispy onions, a side of slaw and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.Served on a brioche bun with pickles, cabbage, pickled onions, crispy onions, a side of slaw and accompanied by 1 side with your choice of sauce and toppings.Served over herbed barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, cole slaw, pickled onions, pickles, crispy onions.Served over herbed barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, cole slaw, pickled onions, pickles, crispy onions. Served with a piece of cornbread.Served over herbed barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, cole slaw, pickled onions, pickles, crispy onions. Served with a piece of cornbread.Served over herbed barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, pickled onions, pickles, crispy onions. Served with a piece of cornbread.Served over barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, cole slaw, pickled onions, pickles, crispy onions. Served with a piece of cornbread.Served over herbed barley, rice & quinoa, farmers market greens, or half and half with your choice of sauce. Toppings include cabbage, pickled onions, pickles, cole slaw, crispy onions. Served with a piece of cornbread.1/4 rack of tender, juicy, and fall off the bone ribsA hearty blend of red quinoa, black beans, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, and pepperd finished with orange, lime, honey, and fresh cilantro. VG, DF, GF1/2 Rack of slow cooked - tender fall off the bone ribs slathered in your choice of sauce.Perfectly prepared pasta smothered in luscious cheese sauce of Montgomery Jack & Cheddar Cheeses.Cauliflower battered with Aleppo pepper & buffalo style hot sauce, fried to a golden brown.  Served with Green Goddess Dressing for DippinEggplant, Squash, PeppersPerfectly cooked pasta smothered in luscious cheese sauce of Monterey Jack & Cheddar Cheeses.Broccoli Roasted to perfection and served chilled. Lightly seasoned with salt & pepper.Sliced mushrooms roasted to perfection and served chilledFlame roasted Corn tossed in a chili lime sauce with cilantro (contains Mayo). Served Chilled.Baked to perfection.Mixed greens served with cucumbers and pickled carrots and a side of chili garlic dressingPuréed to a smooth consistency, our creamy Carolina grits have hint of Parmesan cheese for an added kick of ﬂavor.A hearty blend of red quinoa, black beans, sweet potatoes, tomatoes and peppers finished with orange,lime, honey and fresh cilantro. Vegan. Gluten free.Made with cage free eggs and non-GMO ingredients, this cookie is buttery sweet with a salty crunchMade with cage free eggs, and non-GMO ingredients this cookies will satisfy your cravings!Homemade mini-marshmallows and marshmallow cream – both homemade, all-natural and GMO-free – get folded with gluten-free, crispy rice puffs.  Just a touch of butter gets browned, but enough to bring up a subtle caramel note. A hint of sea salt makes it all come alive. Certified Gluten Free and free of GMO’s and additives.Made with premium Honduran coco this is the tastiest gluten free brownie around!Choice of base, filling, sauces and toppings.Choice of base, filling, sauces and toppings.Vegetarian.Vegan and gluten free.Gluten free and vegetarian.Vegan and gluten free.