MenuPage Grilled fish with tamarind, garlic ginger sauce, caramelized onions and roasted pine nuts. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.A little bit of everything. Served with pita bread.Chickpea puree with tahina, garlic, lemon juice and drizzled with extra virgin olive oil. Served with pita bread.Eggplant puree with tahina, garlic, lemon juice, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil. Served with pita bread.A sampling of each. Served with pita bread.Yogurt cheese and garlic served with sliced cucumber and pita bread.Imported Egyptian beef pastrami, sliced thin, garnished with scallions. Served with pita bread.Mixed salad with a little bit of everything and house dressing.Diced cucumber in yogurt, fresh garlic and mint.Fried eggplant, parsley, tomato, scallions and house dressing.Fresh spinach, caramelized onions, pine nuts, garlic and house dressing.Lentils, pasta, rice, caramelized onions and side of shata (hot sauce). Vegetarian.Fava beans garlic, tomato, diced onions and parsley. Vegetarian.Jews mallow in broth with rice pilaf. Vegetarian.Layered eggplant with sweet potato or taro root fries, zucchini, tomato and bell pepper. Vegetarian.Grilled fish with tamarind, garlic ginger sauce, caramelized onions and roasted pine nuts. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Baked fish with a tomato, garlic sauce, caramelized onions, roasted almonds and raisins. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Grilled prawns with a butter-garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Baked chicken in a rich tomato, ginger, garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Baked chicken in a rich cilantro, onion and garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Egyptian spinach pie. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Grilled chicken tenders with a butter-garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Lamb kabab with butter-garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Layered eggplant with seasoned ground beef and tomato and topped with raisins, roasted almonds and pine nuts. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Grilled minced lamb with butter-garlic sauce. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.Egyptian meat pie rolled in phyllo dough. Served with rice pilaf and daily vegetable.
          Al-Masri(The Egyptian) is a collage of Egypt's seven thousand years of history and tradition. Perusing the menu, you will find dishes as ancient as the pyramids to modern interpretations created for His Majesty King Farouq I, the last monarch of Egypt. The ambiance takes its inspiration from the royal tomb of King Tut. Hand-painted images of Ancient Egyptian artwork grace the dancer's stage, main dining room and continue throughout the Coelsis Room, our 12 guest private dining room. Our selection of wine and beer is expanding to enhance your experience with the cuisine. Al-Masri also showcases "Raqs Baladi" performances (affectionately known in America as Belly Dancer's). At Al-Masri, we take our dance as seriously as our cuisine. With this philosophy, we have introduced a new approach in respect and appreciation for authentic Raqs-Baladi. Al-Masri is truly a one-of-a-kind experience. With a 75 guest capacity, we are seasoned at delivering unforgettable experiences to parties small and large.