MenuPage Crispy bacon, honey roasted turkey breast, mixed greens, tomatoes and mayonnaise.Linguini with sauteed mussels, shrimp, baby clams, shallots and parsley. Served with a lemon, garlic and white wine sauce.Ham, scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese. Served with choice of side.2 eggs over easy in between 2 corn tortillas and melted pepper jack cheese, topped with tomatillo, salsa, crispy tortilla strings, jalapeno cream and black bean chili. Vegetarian.Grilled Canadian bacon, 2 poached eggs, crispy English muffins and house-made tomatillo hollandaise sauce. Served with choice of side.Corned beef brisket, sauteed peppers, onions, rosemary garlic potatoes and 2 eggs, any style. Topped with house made tomatillo hollandaise sauce. Served with a side of fresh fruit.2 eggs any style with your choice of bread. Served with choice of side.Crispy English muffins, handmade fresh crab cakes, 2 poached eggs, tomato, spinach, and house made tomatillo hollandaise sauce. Served with choice of side.Sauteed spinach, roasted tomatoes, crispy English muffins, 2 poached eggs, topped with house made tomatillo hollandaise sauce. Served with choice of side.Chorizo, scrambled eggs, onions, avocado, peppers, queso fresco and pepper jack cheese. Served over black bean chili and topped with tomatillo, crispy tortilla strips and jalapeno sour cream.2 eggs, 2 buttermilk pancakes and choice of meat.Black bean chili, avocado, queso fresco, fresh tomatillo salsa, jalapeno sour cream and fresh cilantro. Vegetarian.Grilled chicken apple sausage, roasted tomatoes, broccoli, avocado, mushrooms, onions and pepper jack cheese. Topped with fresh salsa and jalapeno sour cream.House made spicy sausage, sauteed peppers and onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, pepper jack cheese and Creole salsa.Tomato, roasted eggplant, spinach, Kalamata olives and feta cheese. Vegetarian.Grilled ham, caramelized onions, sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes  and cheddar cheese.House made sweet cream, bourbon maple glazed plantains, fresh strawberries, whipped cream and hot maple syrup.Whipped cream. Stack of 3.Topped with whipped cream, powdered sugar and blueberry compote. Stack of 3.Toasted bagel, mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, extra virgin olive oil and pan roasted pine nuts.Toasted with cream cheese.Toasted with cream cheese.Toasted bagel topped with Norwegian smoked salmon, cream cheese, shaved red onions, capers and tomatoes.Marinated chicken breast, caramelized onions, house made pesto, mozzarella cheese and sun dried tomatoes.Fresh crab cake, braised spinach,  mozzarella cheese, caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes. Topped with hollandaise sauce.Caramelized Spanish onions, black beans, roasted corn, sauteed red peppers, fresh cilantro and melted pepper jack cheese. Topped with avocado, tomatillo salsa, crispy tortilla strings and jalapeno sour cream. Served over vegan black bean chili and queso fresco.  Vegetarian.Marinated chicken breast, fire roasted corn, caramelized onions, cilantro, grilled peppers, mushroom, cheddar cheese and house made smokey Southern style BBQ sauce.Grilled chicken apple sausage, roasted tomatoes, scrambled eggs, broccoli, avocado, mushrooms, onions and pepper jack cheese, Topped with fresh salsa and jalapeno sour cream.Eggplant, spinach, feta and cheddar cheese, oregano, Kalamata olives, onions, roasted tomatoes, roasted red peppers, pesto, toasted pine nuts and cucumber yogurt dressing.  Vegetarian.Fresh cod, french fries, coleslaw, house made tartar sauce  and malt vinegar.Wisconsin sharp cheddar, crispy lettuce, sliced tomatoes and red onions.Homemade veggie patty with black beans, cilantro, chick peas, corn, fire roasted chilies and oven roasted tomatoes. Topped with avocado, truffle aioli and crispy onion strings.  Vegetarian.All natural turkey, mixed greens, tomato, caramelized onions and house made chipotle aioli.Seared bacon, crispy onion strings, cheddar cheese, truffle aioli and fried egg.Double patty, shredded lettuce, double American cheese, tomato, sliced yellow onion and special sauce.Seared bacon, crispy onion strings, cheddar cheese and smokey BBQ sauce.Crispy bacon, honey roasted turkey breast, mixed greens, tomatoes and mayonnaise.Crispy bacon, mozzarella cheese, pesto, roasted red pepper, lettuce and tomato.Lightly battered shrimp, shredded lettuce, tomato and chipotle aioli.Grilled Angus beef, melted pepper jack cheese, sauteed onions, mushrooms and peppers with tomato vinaigrette.Shredded organic artisan romaine hearts and mixed greens, grilled chicken, tomatoes, shaved red onions, black beans, roasted corn, shredded cheddar cheese, red peppers, cucumbers, fresh cilantro, crispy corn tortillas, jalapeno sour cream, avocado and tomato cumin dressing.Shredded organic romaine and mixed greens, bean sprouts, cucumber, red onions, carrots, red peppers, fresh cilantro, basil, mint, Asian noodles, peanuts and sweet sesame soy dressing.Local organic baby greens, heirloom carrots, English cucumbers, shaved red onions, cherry tomatoes  and sun dried tomato vinaigrette.Chopped organic artisan romaine hearts, cucumbers, shaved red onions, feta cheese, fresh herbs, Roma tomatoes, olives, herb croutons, cracked black pepper, lemon and extra virgin olive oil dressing.Grilled salmon, bacon, mixed baby organic lettuce, Gorgonzola cheese, herb croutons, cherry tomatoes, avocado, eggs and sun dried tomato vinaigrette.Artisan organic romaine hearts, house made herb croutons, shredded Parmesan cheese and house made Caesar dressing.Herb crostini and crispy Swiss cheese.Fresh tomato and garlic marinara sauce topped with Parmesan cheese.Macaroni with sauteed onions, garlic, assorted fresh chilies, house cooked chorizo and pepper jack cheese with a panko crust. Spicy.Penne pasta with sauteed beef tenderloin, onions, garlic and mushrooms served in a stroganoff style sauce.Fettuccine with fresh chicken breast, sauteed garlic, onions and broccoli. Served in a traditional Alfredo sauce.Linguini with sauteed mussels, shrimp, baby clams, shallots and parsley. Served with a lemon, garlic and white wine sauce.Strawberries, hot fudge and caramel sauce.Fresh strawberries, banana, blueberries, Nutella, chocolate and powdered sugar.Fresh bananas, pecan, brown sugar, Nutella, chocolate and powdered sugar.Nutella, chocolate and powdered sugar.Fresh squeezed.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.Must be 21 to purchase.