MenuPage Breakfast sandwich with egg and cheese. Customize your sandwich with Add-ons.Corned beef hash and 2 extra large eggs. Includes shredded hash browns and choice of toast.Sliced angus beef, grilled onion, grilled bell pepper, and melted swiss cheese on a French roll.Stir fry with onions and bell peppers in a house made sauce that is sweet, savory, and mild.Breakfast sandwich with egg and cheese. Customize your sandwich with Add-ons.2 extra large eggs and choice of protein. Includes shredded hash browns and toast.Corned beef hash and 2 extra large eggs. Includes shredded hash browns and choice of toast.Short stack of pancakes (2pcs) with two large organic eggs and choice of protein.Thick cut french toast (2pcs) with two large organic eggs and choice of protein.An omelette made with 3 organic eggs, shredded jack and cheddar with seasoned ground beef and grilled onions. Comes with choice of toast and shredded hash browns.An omelette made with 3 organic eggs, shredded jack and cheddar with chicken, bacon, avocado, and grilled onions. Comes with choice of toast and shredded hash browns.An omelette made with 3 organic eggs, shredded jack and cheddar with bacon, sausage, ham, bell peppers, and onions. Comes with choice of toast and shredded hash browns.An omelette made with 3 organic eggs, shredded jack and cheddar with shrimp, avocado, and grilled onions. Comes with choice of toast and shredded hash browns.2 extra large organic eggs. Includes shredded hash browns and toast.An omelette made with 3 organic eggs, shredded jack and cheddar with mushroom, bell pepers, tomatoes, and onions. Comes with choice of toast and shredded hash browns.Double 1/4 lb Angus Beef Patties with american cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions, garlic aioli, and ketchup unless stated otherwise1/4 lb Angus Beef Patties with american cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions, garlic aioli, and ketchup unless stated otherwise1/4 lb Angus Beef Patties with american cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions, garlic aioli, and ketchup unless stated otherwise1/4lb Angus Beef Patty with lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions, garlic aioli, and ketchup unless stated otherwiseGarden Patties with swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onions, garlic aioli, and ketchup unless stated otherwise1/4 lb Angus Beef Patties with american cheese, fried over medium egg, garlic aioli, and ketchup only unless stated otherwise.1/4 lb Angus Beef Patties with swiss cheese, mushroom, garlic aioli, and pesto only unless stated otherwiseSliced angus beef, grilled onion, grilled bell pepper, and melted swiss cheese on a French roll.Grilled chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomato, pesto, melted swiss cheese on a French roll.Grilled chicken, melted swiss cheese, avocado, garlic aoli, lettuce, and tomato on a French roll.Bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayonaisse.Triple decker classic sandwich with turkey, bacon, ham, lettuce, and tomatoes with fries.Bacon, avocado, egg salad, lettuce, and tomato.Grilled chicken, mushroom, broccoli, melted swiss, garlic aioli on a French roll.Served with steam white jasmine rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.Served with steam white jasmine rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.8 pieces served with steam white jasmine rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.served with rice and a scoop of macaroni saladSweet soy sauce base with steamed vegetablesSweet soy base served with jasmine steam rice and steam vegetables with choice of proteins.Stir fry with onions and bell peppers in a house made sauce that is sweet, savory, and mild.Yellow Thai coconut curry stewed with carrots and potatoes. Served with steam jasmine rice.Runny eggs with gravy over rice. Served with a scoop of macaroni salad.Glaze donut holesMixture of Raise, Cake, and Old Fashion donuts only while supplies last.Glaze donut holesMixture of Raise, Cake, and Old Fashion donuts only while supplies last.