MenuPage Choose from a variety of nutritious Greens & Grains - Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Choose from a variety of nutritious Grains - Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Pulled Chicken, coconut jasmine rice and quinoa, butter beans, cabbage, pickled carrots, pickled onions, cucumber, avacado, squeeze of lime, crispy onions and red curry sauce. Gluten free and dairy free.Grilled Salmon served over power greens topped with taziki, feta cheese, sliced almonds, cherry tomatoes, and sliced cucumber. Served with Green Goddess Dressing on the side.18 Hour Beef, power greens, avocado, broccoli, roasted shrooms, pickled carrots, sliced almonds and apple cider vinaigrette. Gluten free and paleo.Enjoy real food and flavorful ingredients as part of the Whole 30 dietary regimen.Farmers market greens and barley, cucumbers, roasted portabella mushrooms, Kalamata olives, feta cheese, butterbean, red onion and apple cider vinaigrette. Vegetarian.Chicken breast, power greens (kale, brussel sprouts, radicchio blend), , roasted shrooms, edamame, pickled carrots, cucumber,toasted sunflower seeds, feta and Sriracha Yogurt dressing. (Gluten free)Herbed barley topped with chili garlic tofu, shredded cabbage, edamame, pickled carrots, roasted broccoli sliced cucumber, sliced almonds and green goddess dressing.18 hour beef, barley, chili lime slaw, avocado,fire roasted corn, pickled onion, tomatoes, scallions, pickled jalapenos and sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. Dairy free.Wild seasoning Rice topped with maple roasted sweet potatoes, roasted broccoli, shredded kale, feta sliced almonds, and Carrot Ginger Dressing.Choose from a variety of nutritious Greens - Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Choose from a variety of nutritious Greens & Grains - Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Choose from a variety of nutritious Grains - Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Add your choice of Protein, then pile on the veggies, Select a Sauce and add a garnish! Satisfy your cravings any way you choose!Our Proteins are prepared using the sous vide method of cooking, they are fully cooked and able to be frozen or served fresh within 4 days of purchase.Our Proteins are prepared using the sous vide method of cooking, they are fully cooked and able to be frozen or served fresh within 4 days of purchase.Our Proteins are prepared using the sous vide method of cooking, they are fully cooked and able to be frozen or served fresh within 4 days of purchase.Our Proteins are prepared using the sous vide method of cooking, they are fully cooked and able to be frozen or served fresh within 4 days of purchase.Par baked bread from Le Bus Bakery that can be finished in your oven6 OZA HEARTY BLEND OF  WITH SLOWLY SIMMERED BLACK BEANS  QUINOA AND SWEET POTATOES , GARLIC, ROASTED PEPPERS, CARROTS, SWEET ONIONS AND A HINT OF CUMIN, THEN FINISHED WITH FRESH PARSLEY.Tender white navy beans and escarole in a handcrafted vegetable stock with fennel chopped basil and a touch of extra virgin olive oil. Vegan. Gluten free.Fire Grilled then lightly seasoned with oil, vinegar, garlic & oregano.Our Sous Vide White Beans attain the perfect texture with just the right amount of thyme and garlic to create this simply delicious vegetarian dish.Eggplant, Peppers, SquashMade with premium Coco this is the tastiest gluten free brownie around!Made with cage free eggs and non GMO ingredients this cookie will crush your cravings!18-hour beef, power greens, avocado, broccoli, roasted shrooms, pickled carrots, sliced almonds, and apple cider vinaigrette. Gluten-free and paleo.Farmer's market greens and barley, cucumbers, roasted portabella mushrooms, Kalamata olives, feta cheese, butter bean, pickled red onion, and apple cider vinaigrette. Vegetarian.Chicken breast, power greens (kale, Brussels sprouts, and radicchio blend), fire-roasted corn, roasted shrooms, edamame, pickled carrots, cucumber, toasted sunflower seeds, and Greek yogurt Sriracha dressing. Gluten- and dairy-free.Chili garlic tofu, barley, edamame, cabbage, broccoli, pickled carrots, cucumber, sliced almonds, and Green Goddess dressing. Vegetarian and gluten-free.Pulled pork, coconut jasmine rice and quinoa, butter beans, cabbage, pickled carrots, pickled onions, cucumber, squeeze of lime, toasted coconut, and red curry sauce. Spicy, gluten-free, and dairy-free.18-hour beef, barley, chili lime slaw, avocado, fire-roasted corn, pickled onion, scallions, and sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. Dairy-free.1 base, 1 protein, and 2 sauces.1 base, 1 protein, 2 sauces, 1 premium topping, 4 veggies, and 2 garnishes.1 base, 1 protein, and 3 sauces.1 base, 1 protein, 2 sauces, 1 premium topping, 4 veggies, and 1 garnish.1 base, 1 protein, and 4 sauces.1 base, 1 protein, 4 sauces, 3 premium toppings, 8 veggies, and 4 garnishes.1 base, 1 protein, and 4 sauces.1 base, 1 protein, 4 sauces, 3 premium toppings, 8 veggies, and 4 garnishes.