Other Our portable mixer stands complement our clamp-on mixers and rod mount stirrers perfectly for hands-off operation. Even smaller mixers work well clamped onto our optimized stand mount allowing for them to go in and out of your tank or drum with a flip of a switch or turn of a crank. These portable stands ride on four casters with sealed ball bearings for minimal movement force as well as smooth operation. Select the power source for the mixer lift: air, electric, winch or manual.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The winch lift includes a bidirectional brake for safe lowering and raising the mixer. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this heavy-duty mixer lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The heavy-duty mixer lift mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Specially designed to increase throughput, the Manual lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The manual lift system allows for the operator lift the mixer to the desired height and pin it in place. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this manual lift system are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The electric lift include a wired remote control to move the mixer into and out of mixing position. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the portable mixer stand's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Especially designed to increase throughput, the air lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The air lift is appropriate for use in any environment where electric service is unavailable or inadvisable. Many customers also choose this mixer stand lift option to take advantage of the double acting air cylinder, allowing for a controlled raising AND lowering of the mixer. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance on this mixer stand lift. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved