Other Mixer Direct has a wide selection of lab impellers of almost any conceivable geometry. Low shear impellers, small axial and radial flow turbine, Teflon impeller with stainless core, anchor paddles, miniature folding paddles. We know that you want to optimize your process and there are many choices of lab mixer impellers. You can chat here and one of our engineers can help you through the process or you can call us for more information on these lab mixer blades, (812) 202-4047, whatever is more helpful. Browse lab mixing blades below.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this impeller type agitator allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. These impeller type agitators will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 3" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.These hydrofoil impeller blades feature 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this axial mixing blade allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. These axial mixing blades will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 2" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this axial turbine blade impeller allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. The axial turbine blade will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 1.5" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.316L Stainless Steel Propeller. Low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this radial flow turbine allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. They will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 2.5" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.The Radial flow turbine creates a radial flow pattern moving away from the impeller, towards the sides of the vessel. The flow impacts the side and moves in either an upward or downward direction to fill the top and bottom of the impeller and be ejected once more. Some applications benefit greatly from this type of action, namely gas dispersion. Radial flow turbines have a high horsepower draw relative to axial flow turbines and other axial flow impellers. Mixer Direct's Lab Radial Flow Impeller features a 3" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.316L Stainless Steel. This lab mixer blade has a low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316L Stainless Steel lab mixing blade. Low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.These impeller stirrer blades are made with 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316 stainless steel turbine. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this impeller allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. They will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 3.5" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.This impeller for sale is made with 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear stainless-steel rotor.This agitator impeller blade is made with 316L stainless steel. Low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.This heavy-duty rotor is made with 316L stainless steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316L stainless steel mixing hydrofoil. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.316L Stainless Steel. This lab agitator blade has a low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.Mixer Direct's Lab Anchor is designed for use in a laboratory setting. The 316SS paddle type agitator comes complete with 5" Impeller welded to a 36" x 3/8" Shaft and provides high shear. The paddle type agitator is perfect for low speed and high viscosity mixing and creates tangential flow within a container.Mixer Direct's Lab Anchor is designed for use in a laboratory setting. The 316SS Anchor Mixer comes complete with 4" Impeller welded to a 36" x 3/8" Shaft and provides high shear. The anchor mixer is perfect for low speed and high viscosity mixing and creates tangential flow within a container.316L Stainless Steel Hydrofoil. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.Designed to fit into beakers and flasks with narrow necks, Mixer Direct's Folding Lab Impeller is the perfect impeller for your laboratory. In the folded position these impellers have a diameter of less than 5/8" allowing them to fit inside your 24/40 joints. When rotated centrifugal force raises the impellers which open with an outside diameter of 4" and create radial flow. Made from corrosion resistant 316SS these impellers give you the mixing you require in those narrow necked laboratory vessels.Designed to fit into beakers and flasks with narrow necks, Mixer Direct's Folding Lab Impeller is the perfect impeller for your laboratory. In the folded position these impellers have a diameter of less than 5/8" allowing them to fit inside your 24/40 joints. When rotated centrifugal force raises the impellers which open with an outside diameter of 5" and create radial flow. Made from corrosion resistant 316SS these impellers give you the mixing you require in those narrow necked laboratory vessels.Designed to fit into beakers and flasks with narrow necks, Mixer Direct's Folding Lab Impeller is the perfect impeller for your laboratory. In the folded position these impellers have a diameter of less than 5/8" allowing them to fit inside your 24/40 joints. When rotated centrifugal force raises the impellers which open with an outside diameter of 3" and create radial flow. Made from corrosion resistant 316SS these impellers give you the mixing you require in those narrow necked laboratory vessels.Designed to fit into beakers and flasks with narrow necks, Mixer Direct's Folding Lab Impeller is the perfect impeller for your laboratory. In the folded position these impellers have a diameter of less than 5/8" allowing them to fit inside your 24/40 joints. When rotated centrifugal force raises the impellers which open with an outside diameter of 3.5" and create radial flow. Made from corrosion resistant 316SS these impellers give you the mixing you require in those narrow necked laboratory vessels.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved