Other Featured Personal Finance BlogsCheck out the top 5 ranked finance blogs based on each category: traffc, social media and SEO.This list is meant to help people find the best finance blogs by comparing various stats related to traffic, SEO and social activity.
If you care more about a specific statistic, click on the column heading to sort the list by that statistic.
You can also click the 3 buttons in the top left to view the data that is used to calculate the score in each category. When you click these buttons it will hide the overall scores for that column and instead show specific statistics for that category.
Some people may prefer to export the list to compare the top finance blogs in spreadsheet format. If so, you can use the Export List button at the top.Statistics Used in the ListPeople not involved in blogging or website marketing may not be familiar with the specific stats used in the top finance blogs list. Here is a quick breakdown:

Alexa Ranking: A scoring system that tracks which websites get the most visitors using the Alexa browser toolbar or if websites are using the Alexa button. In their system the lower the score the better, with the most popular website getting an Alexa Ranking of 1. It is the only stat used in this list where lower is better.

SEM Rush: Judges a website's search engine rankings based on volume and cost of that traffic if it were paid for with AdWords Pay Per Click advertising.

Twitter: Lists how many people are following the blog's official Twitter account.

Facebook: Lists how many people have liked the blog's official Facebook page.

Klout: A system which aggregates together a blogger's social following and engagement on multiple platforms to determine who has the most social influence online. You may need to register on Klout to properly connect all of your social profiles.

MozRank: A very similar system to Google PR, but it updates much more frequently and is more precise. More emphasis seems to be on actually judging the value of each backlink.

Domain Authority (DA): Represents Moz's best prediction for how a website will perform in search engine rankings based on various link metrics.

Page Authority (PA): Represents Moz's calculated metric for how well a given webpage is likely to rank in Google.com's search results. It is based off data from the Mozscape web index and includes link counts, MozRank, MozTrust, and dozens of other factors.How the Top Finance Blogs are RankedThis list attempts to give equal weight to the 3 main areas that blogs are judged statistically.
The total score is simply an average of the blog's scores in the main categories.
Within each category, blogs are compared against one another to see who has the strongest stats. Scores are assigned based on what percentage of the blogs on the list they have stronger stats than.
The stats in this list update every week. Unlike other lists we do regular updates and don't just update certain stats.Submitting Your Personal Finance BlogIf you run a personal finance blog, you're welcome to submit your blog for inclusion on the Modest Money Top Finance Blogs List. Here are some criteria:We reserve the right to reject any submission for any reason we see fit. That includes but is not limited to blog quality, questionable content, inappropriate ads, spammy tactics, etc. Our goal is not to be the judge of your blog, but our goal is to provide a useful list of financial blogs.When you submit your blog it may take up to 3-4 weeks for approval. Once approved you will receive an email from us. From there it could take up to a week before newly added blogs have updated stats on the list.All finance blogs on the list are submitted for approval by the bloggers. If you notice your favorite blog is missing please mention it to that blogger instead of trying to submit their blog. Some bloggers choose to not be included on such lists and that is their right.Advertising on Finance BlogsIf you are interested in advertising on the best finance blogs, send us an e-mail and we'll help make it happen. We have relationships with the top finance bloggers and agreements in place to provide advertising.Get Your Free Investing Course and Tips Now.Modest Money is the place where people come to learn about investing and how to use it as a means to a better life. If that’s you… Welcome! Have a look around.