Other By accessing this web site you agree to the Privacy Policy set forth below. We reserve the right to change this policy by posting a revision on this web site.INFORMATION When you place an order for a product, we need to know your name, e-mail and mailing addresses, and your billing information so that we can fill, confirm and ship your order and notify you of your order status. We may also request personal information from you if you submit comments to us through our web site.We reserve the right to disclose without notice to you any information in our possession if required to do so by law, to protect or defend our rights or property, or to respond to an emergency. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use of disclosure of information that is collected or obtained by us through means other than this web site.Our web site contains links to third-party web sites which are not under the control of Mixer Direct, Inc. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked site.PERSONAL DATA Personal information provided by you may be used only by Mixer Direct, Inc. We don’t rent, sell, or otherwise distribute to others any information about our customers. We may provide your personal information to third party agents hired to deliver your order. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Mixer Direct, Inc will not be responsible for disclosure of any information due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.NON-PERSONAL DATA This site may use cookies and/or collect your IP address or domain name for site administration purposes. No personal information is obtained through the use of these mechanisms. If for any reason you do not wish to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser refuse to accept them.If you are located in the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.For this EU Privacy Notice section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but, in addition to the information identified in the Privacy Policy as Personal Data above, “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. MXD Process will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services.If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at admin@mxdprocess.com.What Personal Data Do We Collect From You? We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services.Information we collect directly from you: We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, including without limitation the following:Information we receive from third party sources: Some third parties such as our business partners and service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following:Information we automatically collect when you use our Services: Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Services, such as the following:How Do We Use Your Personal Data? We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. For example, we use Personal Data to:We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data? We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service. These parties include:We also share Personal Data when necessary to complete a transaction initiated or authorized by you or provide you with a product or service you have requested. In addition to those set forth above, these parties also include:We also share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to:We also share information with third parties when you give us consent to do so. Furthermore, you acknowledge that we may transfer your Personal Data, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Data.How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data? We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.What Security Measures Do We Use? We seek to protect Personal Data using appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the type of Personal Data and applicable processing activity.Personal Data of Children: As noted above, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16.What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Personal Data? You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email admin@mxdprocess.com. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.Transfers of Personal Data: The Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through MXD Process and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to MXD Process in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize MXD Process to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S. as set forth herein.MXD Process is committed to the Principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of Personal Data transferred from the EU. These Principles are (1) notice, (2) consent, (3) accountability for onward transfer, (4) security, (5) data integrity and purpose limitation, (6) access and (7) recourse, enforcement and liability with respect to all Personal Data received from within the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield Principles require that we remain potentially liable if any third party processing Personal Data on our behalf fails to comply with these Privacy Shield Principles (except to the extent we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage). MXD Process’s compliance with the Privacy Shield is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. For more information about the Privacy Shield Program, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.Please contact us at admin@mxdprocess.com with any questions or concerns relating to the Privacy Shield. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield-related complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you may also resolve a Privacy Shield-related complaint through JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. You can visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you. Under certain conditions, you may also be entitled to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other means.What If You Have Questions Regarding Your Personal Data? If you have any questions about this EU Privacy Notice or our data practices generally, please contact us at admin@mxdprocess.comWe'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved