Other Our stationary mixing stands complement our clamp-on mixers and rod mount stirrers perfectly for hands-off operation. Even smaller mixers work well clamped onto our optimized stand mounts and mixer lifts, allowing for them to go in and out of your tank or drum with a flip of a switch or turn of a crank. These mixing stands for sale are generally anchored into a hard surface floor or bolted to a steel structure. Select the power source for the mixer lift: air, electric, winch or manual. Lab stands are under the stationary manual lift heading.Specially designed to increase throughput, the hand winch lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The hand winch lift includes a bidirectional brake for safe lowering and raising the mixer. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixer's entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces of the hand crank winch lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The stationary stand must be anchored for correct operation.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Manual lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The manual lifts allows for the operator lift the mixer to the desired height and pin it in place. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the winch lift system's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance.Especially designed to increase throughput, the air lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The air lift is appropriate for use in any environment where electric service is unavailable or inadvisable. Many customers also choose this air powered lift option to take advantage of the double acting air cylinder, allowing for a controlled raising AND lowering of the mixer. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this air powered lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The stationary stand is designed to be anchored to a floor surface.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The electric lift include a wired remote control to move the mixer into and out of mixing position. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the mixer machine stand's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance.Optional portable mounting 42” base opening (tote) with 96” Mast Height.Optional portable mounting, 32” base opening (drum) with 96” Mast Height.Optional container brace with stainless ratchet mechanism to strap hold vessels.Optional extended reach arm mixer carriage for vertical mixer applications to extended over vessel.The Stainless Steel mixer stand is built with high quality stainless steel and fixed mounting with bolt down 12” x 12” base plate and 90” mast height. The standard mixer carriage is designed for a stainless clamp mount mixer. Mixer carriages are machined with indexed bolt assembly and UHMW sliders for smooth performance. Rugged stainless steel winch, cable, and pulley system designed for 150# capacity with safety brake. Designed for heavy duty use that is easily cleanable and simple to assemble. Modular base and mixer carriage options allow for a highly versatile mixing tool.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved