Other Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability of this folding impeller mixer. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability of this folding propeller blade. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding, pitched paddle impellers allows you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability with these pitched paddle impellers. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum.   All stainless construction of the folding mixing blades ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction of the industrial folding impeller ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum.   All stainless construction of this folding impeller for sale ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction of this collapsing mixer blade ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 6” NPT opening, like that of a IBC tote. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved