Other Almost as important as choosing the right dispersion blade for your high shear application is selecting the correct way to mount it to your disperser. Mixer Direct utilizes four different attachment methodologies to secure your dispersion blade quickly and reliably. Check out our industrial mixer parts and mixer blade accessories below.Also under the accessories for dispersion blades are stiffening plates.  These plates allow longer life and increased safety for blades larger than 8" in diameter. Not all commercial mixer parts and accessories are listed on the website, if you have a particular need please contact us and we will get a solution to you right away or call us at 812-202-4047 to find industrial mixer parts.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct's turned and threaded 3/8" threaded shaft adapter allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8" blade adapter shaft is 12" long with a 1/4" threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct’s turned and threaded 3/8” shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8"  blade adapter shaft is 15" long with a 1/4"  threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 3/8" bore and a 1" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 5/8" bore and a 1.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct’s turned and threaded 3/8” shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8"  blade adapter shaft is 18" long with a 1/4"  threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct's turned and threaded 3/8" shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8" blade adapter shaft is 24" long with a 1/4" threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 1" bore and a 2.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes.  The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 1/4" bore and a 1" OD.  Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 1/2" bore and a 1.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 3/4" bore and a 1.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Stiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The fabricated industrial stiffening plates provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 4" stiffening plates to sandwich an 8" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, shaft, and hub as shown in picture are sold separatelyWeld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 1/4" and an OD of 1".Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 1.5" bore and a 3" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 5/8" and an OD of 1.5".Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 5/16" bore and a 1" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 3/8" and an OD of 1".Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 3/4" and an OD of 1.5".Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 2.5" and an OD of 4.25".Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 1/2" and an OD of 1.5".Stiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The fabricated welded plate stiffener provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 11" stiffening plates to sandwich a 22" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole.Stiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The fabricated metal plate stiffener provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 10" stiffening plates to sandwich a 20" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft as shown in picture are sold separatelyStiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The fabricated support plate provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 9" stiffening plates to sandwich a 18" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft shown in picture are sold separatelyStiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The fabricated steel stiffener provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 8" stiffening plates to sandwich a 16" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft shown in picture are sold separatelyStiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The aftermarket stiffening plates provide support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 7" stiffening plates to sandwich a 14" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft as shown in picture are sold separatelyStiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The mixer blade re-enforcement provides support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 6" stiffening plates to sandwich a 12" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft as shown in picture are sold separatelyStiffening Plates provide strength and durability for large high shear dispersion blades. The mixer blade plating provides support to the dispersion blade and increase blade life by decreasing localized stress on the blade. The stiffening plate assembly contains two 5" stiffening plates to sandwich a 10" dispersion blade and can be bored to match any size center hole. Dispersion blade, hub, and shaft as shown in picture are sold separatelyWeld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 5/16" and an OD of 1".Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 3" and an OD of 4.75".Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 3" bore and a 4.75" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 2.5" bore and a 4.25" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 2" and an OD of 3.5".Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 2" bore and a 3.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 1.5" and an OD of 3".Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 1.25" and an OD of 3".Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 1.25" bore and a 3" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Weld-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using tack welding. This economical design creates a strong and durable blade assembly. Weld-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and replacement. The weld-on hub has a bore size of 1" and an OD of 2.5".We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved