Other This decade won’t just be remembered for Covid, but also for another kind of pandemic. The vicious, stupid ugliness of the mind and spirit, known as nationalism. It spread from corner to corner of the globe — Brazil, India, America, Britain. And every society it infected was left ruinously, disastrously worse off as a result.Of the societies that nationalism infected hardest, chief lie America and Britain. The wages of nationalism in America resulted in the bombastic, violent, stupidity of Donald Trump — a reality TV star who was a fake billionaire, a sexual predator, Manhattan’s laughingstock — becoming President. And you might say to yourself — America hit rock bottom. Maybe it did. …The West faces a bleak, brutal Covid winter. In America, numbers are exploding all over again — for the third time in a row. Across Europe, cases are falling, but from a massively high peak.And as people congregate for the holidays, cases are likely to rise in the West all over again. In America, they are set to skyrocket to new heights, and in Europe, yet another wave is likely. Meanwhile, in much of the rest of the world — large parts of Asia, Africa — life is slowly returning to some semblance of normality.What went wrong? The West made a mistake so fundamental, so elemental, so basic, that it’s still gone unexamined, and unremarked on. What is that mistake? …It was grimly, stupidly, frustratingly predictable. Millions of Americans travelled for Thanksgiving. In the middle of a lethal pandemic. That America had already failed to contain, and had the highest numbers in the world. Warning after warning was given. Please don’t travel. Stay at home this year. Help others be safe. The President-Elect spoke, the most respected doctor in the country spoke, all the epidemiologists agreed, and so did everyone left who was sane.And yet none of that seemed to matter. Or at least not matter enough. To the millions of American Idiots, for whom sitting around a table eating turkey proved to be more than important than stopping the spread of a deadly disease. …In case you hadn’t noticed, yesterday, Donald Trump posted a 46-minute long video demanding that the election results be “overturned…now!” That came shortly after Bill Barr admitted that Trump’s attempts to legally tamper with results were both baseless and absurd — and the Attorney General is a die-hard Trumpist if ever there was one.So why is Trump persisting with his coup? Hasn’t it failed? Well…yes. But also…no. Coups can succeed or fail on several levels. And Trump might not have walked away with the ultimate prize — but he’s not walking away empty-handed, either. …Today, in a landmark moment, Britain became the first Western country to approve a Covid vaccine. So: is the long, grinding age of Covid finally coming to an end?That’s remarkable — because of how fast they’ve been developed. It’s been less than a year. Usually, vaccines take a good half decade or so. And yet here we are, just short of year into the greatest public health crisis of the modern era — and there’s already a bevy of vaccines coming available. That’s a stunning triumph for science (and also for sane, thinking people.)To understand how this came to be — and what happens next — it’s worth taking a moment to examine the science behind Covid vaccines. Covid vaccines are the first large scale mRNA vaccines. Remember high-school biology? Then you might also recall that DNA is like the whole instruction manual for our cells, which tells their machinery which proteins to make, while mRNA — “messenger” RNA — is like a photocopy of one page from the manual, of just a single protein, or a group of them. Don’t let your eyes glaze over just yet, because this really is revolutionary. …When I say “the modern world,” what do you think of? Probably a great city somewhere, with broad avenues, spacious parks, art and culture, old museums, people buzzing about, public transport thrumming.Now think of America. People dying for a lack of insulin. Young people who can’t afford to start families of their own. The average person living perched right at the edge of ruin, one missed paycheck, one illness, one emergency away from disaster. Kids massacring one another at schools. Infants on trial. Politicians who proclaim “God is a white supremacist!” …I was reflecting over Thanksgiving on what I’m grateful for this year — and I’m incredibly grateful for the community here on Medium. One thing I’m grateful for, though, jumped out at me the most. And it turns out to be the little guy in the pic above. And yet if you’d asked me maybe six months ago, I would’ve said, petulantly, something like, “My puppy? My puppy…ruined my life!! He’s so anxious I can’t take him anywhere and he’s so needy I can’t do anything!!! AURGH!!!”But here we are. The universe moves in mysterious ways, and it turns out that the best teacher I ever had was…a tiny little white cotton puff. …I woke up this morning to read a kind of predictable, thoughtless litany in America’s newspaper columns. It went like this. “Moderates” were responsible for Joe Biden’s victory — therefore he should govern like a moderate, so as not to risk alienating them.There’s only one problem with that, which is all of it. It’s completely and totally wrong as a set of ideas — not just illogical, but worse, false. Yet this is what passes for thinking in America now — and if Biden follows it, his Presidency will surely fail.Let me explain, though you probably have an inkling of what I mean. …Check out the picture above. Have a good laugh. Right about now, Donald Trump is deservedly the object of ridicule, scorn, and contempt. Deservedly, because, well, he’s been america’s worst president by a long way. But while Trump may be finally on his way out, Trumpism — the authoritarianism that’s come to prevail among the GOP — surely isn’t. So while Trump is being universally mocked today, what if…?Here’s how Trumpism recurs, only stronger.The Biden Presidency isn’t a failure — but it’s not exactly a success, either. It’s a return to the status quo ante, the way things were before. …There’s a lesson that we should have learned from Covid. The big We. As a world, as societies, a human beings, as inhabitants of planet earth. It goes deep. All the way. Past politics, economics, all the superficial dross that surrounds us, deficits, left, right, budgets, cuts — the nostrums shouted at us by a hundred pundits a thousand times a day. So deep that it cuts to the truth of who we really are, when you take away the labels.But have we learned it? Is it even a glimmer yet in our eyes?We all want this miserable year to be over. For this miserable plague to go away already. And after Donald Trump, then Covid. But let us first learn the lesson of the last year. It goes like this. …About