Other Our drum mixer stands perfectly complement our clamp-on mixers and rod mount stirrers for hands-off operation. Even smaller mixers work well clamped onto our optimized stand mounts allowing the mixer to go in and out of your tank or drum with a flip of a switch or turn of a crank. Choose whether you would like your industrial mixer stands mounted to the floor or portable, then select the power source for the lift: air, electric, winch or manual. Lab stands are under the stationary manual lift heading.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The winch lift includes a bidirectional brake for safe lowering and raising the mixer. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this heavy-duty mixer lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The heavy-duty mixer lift mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Heavy duty stand that can support the larger motors necessary for heavy viscosity lab applications. The 5/8" stainless ground and polished vertical rod allows accessories to move smoothly along it's length.Heavy duty stand that can support the larger motors necessary for heavy viscosity lab applications. The 5/8" stainless ground and polished vertical rod allows accessories to move smoothly along the length of this heavy-duty mixer stand.Sturdy, but inexpensive stand works for most lab applications. The base of this industrial mixer stand is 10" X 10" and powder coated for lasting durability. Stainless 5/8" ground and polished upright for smooth operation.Sturdy, but inexpensive stand works for most lab applications. The base of this overhead stirrer mount is 10" X 10" and powder coated for lasting durability. Stainless 5/8" ground and polished upright for smooth operation.Specially designed to increase throughput, the Manual lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The manual lift system allows for the operator lift the mixer to the desired height and pin it in place. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this manual lift system are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Stirrer Clamp, epoxy 1/2" X1"Sturdy, but inexpensive stand works for most lab applications. The base of this industrial stirrer mount is 10" X 10" and powder coated for lasting durability. Stainless 5/8" ground and polished upright for smooth operation.Specially designed to increase throughput, the hand winch lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The hand winch lift includes a bidirectional brake for safe lowering and raising the mixer. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixer's entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces of the hand crank winch lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The stationary stand must be anchored for correct operation.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Manual lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The manual lifts allows for the operator lift the mixer to the desired height and pin it in place. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the winch lift system's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance.Heavy duty stand that can support the larger motors necessary for heavy viscosity lab applications. The 5/8" stainless ground and polished vertical rod allows accessories to move smoothly along the length of this industrial stirrer stand.Especially designed to increase throughput, the air lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The air lift is appropriate for use in any environment where electric service is unavailable or inadvisable. Many customers also choose this air powered lift option to take advantage of the double acting air cylinder, allowing for a controlled raising AND lowering of the mixer. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this air powered lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The stationary stand is designed to be anchored to a floor surface.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The electric lift include a wired remote control to move the mixer into and out of mixing position. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the portable mixer stand's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Especially designed to increase throughput, the air lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The air lift is appropriate for use in any environment where electric service is unavailable or inadvisable. Many customers also choose this mixer stand lift option to take advantage of the double acting air cylinder, allowing for a controlled raising AND lowering of the mixer. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance on this mixer stand lift. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The electric lift include a wired remote control to move the mixer into and out of mixing position. A seven and a half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All of the mixer machine stand's non-wear surfaces are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance.Optional portable mounting 42” base opening (tote) with 96” Mast Height.Optional portable mounting, 32” base opening (drum) with 96” Mast Height.Optional container brace with stainless ratchet mechanism to strap hold vessels.Optional extended reach arm mixer carriage for vertical mixer applications to extended over vessel.The Stainless Steel mixer stand is built with high quality stainless steel and fixed mounting with bolt down 12” x 12” base plate and 90” mast height. The standard mixer carriage is designed for a stainless clamp mount mixer. Mixer carriages are machined with indexed bolt assembly and UHMW sliders for smooth performance. Rugged stainless steel winch, cable, and pulley system designed for 150# capacity with safety brake. Designed for heavy duty use that is easily cleanable and simple to assemble. Modular base and mixer carriage options allow for a highly versatile mixing tool.Once you have your impeller, motor, and shaft you’ll need to mount the mixer to the container or set up a stand where you can lower the mixer in and out of different containers.You can now find robust and innovative liquid mixing solutions for every conceivable application directly.The industrial mixing industry is often the bridge between things you enjoy in life, and you.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved