Other The MXD Process planetary mixer is a highly versatile processing tool with orbital impeller motion to ensure mixing of the most challenging products. Our planetary mixer design can offer precise en...Pack Expo is always jam packed (pun intended) with exceptional companies, great displays, remarkable innovation, and interesting tech. This year was no exception! We had the opportunity to walk the...
The Raiden Standard mixer line establishes a new price point and speed-of-delivery for a quality top entry mixer. The MXD Process™ team has optimized the Raiden Standard line to be in stock with 4...Multi-shaft mixers are versatile and cost effective. These mixers are used in high viscosity and heat transfer mixing applications. In high shear applications where viscosities exceed 50,000 cps, a...In the world of professional athletics, the incredible has become pedestrian. A quick look at any sports highlight reel will leave your jaw on the floor as human beings of incredible strength, skil...
Innovation is the mother of progress. The continuous march of developing technologies seems to facilitate groundbreaking change in every facet of our lives. But one area of our circumstances that...Your process has plenty of moving parts. Between optimizing the composition of your output, calculating power requirements, recycling cooling water, optimizing column efficiencies, and doing all of...There’s a clear belief in the power of science and engineering in our world. Industries large and small are seeing dramatic change at the hands of some of the world’s best and brightest. But one in...
At the University of Queensland in Australia there is an experiment going, an experiment that is now in the Guinness Book of World Records for "Longest Running Laboratory Experiment." It is the e...The 2014 Winter Olympics, officially the XXII Olympic Winter Games, without a doubt, will be shaped by the newest technology.
In preparation for the games, organizers focused on modernizing the te...
The Research Of Juice
Fruit and vegetable juices may play an important role in delaying the onset of Alzheimer’s disease, particularly among those who are at high risk for the disease. Researche...We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved