Other If you need repair parts or just want to upgrade and outfit your mixer yourself, you can find Shafts, Couplers, Motors and other industrial mixer parts here.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct's turned and threaded 3/8" threaded shaft adapter allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8" blade adapter shaft is 12" long with a 1/4" threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct’s turned and threaded 3/8” shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8"  blade adapter shaft is 15" long with a 1/4"  threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This stainless-steel mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This polished steel shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 3/8" bore and a 1" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Bolt-on Hubs fasten to high shear dispersion blades using bolts threaded into blind tapped holes. The bolt-on hubs are secured to the shaft using set screws simplifying customization and blade replacement. The bolt hub has a 5/8" bore and a 1.5" OD. Mixer Direct’s bolt-on hubs allow continuous upgrading and diversification of high shear dispersion blades and can be used in conjunction with our stiffening plates for increased blade life.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Especially designed to increase throughput, the Electric lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The winch lift includes a bidirectional brake for safe lowering and raising the mixer. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this heavy-duty mixer lift are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The heavy-duty mixer lift mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. Machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct’s turned and threaded 3/8” shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8"  blade adapter shaft is 18" long with a 1/4"  threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.Heavy duty stand that can support the larger motors necessary for heavy viscosity lab applications. The 5/8" stainless ground and polished vertical rod allows accessories to move smoothly along it's length.Heavy duty stand that can support the larger motors necessary for heavy viscosity lab applications. The 5/8" stainless ground and polished vertical rod allows accessories to move smoothly along the length of this heavy-duty mixer stand.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This mixer steel rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This replacement polished shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Sturdy, but inexpensive stand works for most lab applications. The base of this industrial mixer stand is 10" X 10" and powder coated for lasting durability. Stainless 5/8" ground and polished upright for smooth operation.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This stainless-steel rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground steel rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This steel mixer rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Blade Adapter Shafts enable a high shear dispersion blade to be attached with a simple hex nut and lock washer combination. Mixer Direct's turned and threaded 3/8" shaft allows blades to be securely attached to the shaft and eliminates the need for a hub on smaller high shear dispersion blades. This 3/8" blade adapter shaft is 24" long with a 1/4" threaded portion and comes with a hex nut and washer for easy installation.5/8" X 5/8" Stainless clamp is machined to a smooth close tolerance fit to the Mixer Direct stand line. This adjustable pole clamp will work with most other stand systems as well.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This polished mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This replacement mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This metal shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This custom made steel shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This ground steel rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This turned and ground polished shafting is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.1/2" X 5/8" Stainless clamp is machined to a smooth close tolerance fit to the Mixer Direct stand line. This lift pole mounting clamp will work with most other stand systems as well.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground steel bar is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Sturdy, but inexpensive stand works for most lab applications. The base of this overhead stirrer mount is 10" X 10" and powder coated for lasting durability. Stainless 5/8" ground and polished upright for smooth operation.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground steel shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground shafting is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This ground and polished shafting is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision ground stainless rod is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision made steel shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision steel mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Specially designed to increase throughput, the Manual lift stand allows for Mixer Direct clamp mount mixers to be moved vertically out of a tank or drum to position the next batch into place. The manual lift system allows for the operator lift the mixer to the desired height and pin it in place. A seven-and-a-half degree pitch on the clamp surface optimizes the mixers entry angle to assist in self-baffling a non-baffled tank or drum. All non-wear surfaces on this manual lift system are powder coated to ensure longevity and corrosion resistance. The mobile stand is designed with two rigid and two locking casters.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This ground mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This industrial mixer shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This industrial grade shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.Precision machined shafting for liquid, shaft based agitators. This precision made metal shaft is machine ground and polished to -.001/.003 for Mixer Direct impellers, couplers, and bearings. Material is low carbon 316 for weld on impellers and high corrosion resistance.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved