Other The purpose of mixing impellers is to transfer the energy provided by the motor to the product in the most efficient way in order to produce the desired effect in the least amount of time. Also called agitator blades, each mixing impeller type converts the energy given to it in a different way. A hydrofoil converts most of the energy into motion of the product and very little into shear. A three bladed propeller will convert more of the energy into shear than the hydrofoil but still mostly produces motion.The axial flow turbines and radial flow turbines devote a higher ratio to shear and a dispersion blade is almost completely devoted to shear production. Mechanical considerations may also affect the agitator blade selection as in the case of a folding impeller being utilized to fit into a tank through a small aperture.MixerDirect has recently released MixerGenius v2.1, proprietary software developed to allow our sales engineers to quickly get to an engineered solution for your application. Agitator blade sizing can be quickly accomplished while you are on the phone for almost any of the types of impellers for sale that we carry. Mixing impellers, Axial Flow Turbines, Radial Flow Turbines, Mixing Propellers, Hydrofoils, Steep Pitch Mixing Propellers, and more.  Call us at (812) 202-4047 or contact us through the website to get a same day answer to your question.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this impeller type agitator allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. These impeller type agitators will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 3" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.These hydrofoil impeller blades feature 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, these stainless steel propeller blades will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.The three bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, these three blade propellers will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability of this folding impeller mixer. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this axial mixing blade allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. These axial mixing blades will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 2" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this axial turbine blade impeller allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. The axial turbine blade will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 1.5" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear 304 stainless steel blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product. This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.316L Stainless Steel Propeller. Low shear, high top to bottom pumping capacity.316 SS. The axial flow turbine is a classic medium shear impeller. Very effective in both low viscosity and high, this radial flow turbine allows a mixer to the break up agglomeration and impart solids effectively. They will draw more power per volume than the propellers or hydrofoils as motor power is converted to shear energy. Mixer Direct's Lab Axial Flow Turbine features a 2.5" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.The Radial flow turbine creates a radial flow pattern moving away from the impeller, towards the sides of the vessel. The flow impacts the side and moves in either an upward or downward direction to fill the top and bottom of the impeller and be ejected once more. Some applications benefit greatly from this type of action, namely gas dispersion. Radial flow turbines have a high horsepower draw relative to axial flow turbines and other axial flow impellers. Mixer Direct's Lab Radial Flow Impeller features a 3" blade, a 3/8 bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.These impeller stirrer blades are made with 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.High Flow Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Most Dispersion blades have issues related to sufficient fluid motion to get a batch to complete uniformity. MixerDirect addresses that problem with the HFD line. Each blade has axial flow blades integrated into the geometry of the blade, providing extra flow for higher viscosity applications. Typically used in paints and inks, 304 stainless steel blades are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s industrial blending blades are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a  fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.This impeller for sale is made with 316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.316L Stainless Steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear stainless-steel rotor.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Mixer Direct’s line of large folding impellers allow you to get the stirring power of a large impeller through a 2” NPT opening, like that in the top of a 55 Gal drum. All stainless construction ensures durability and cleanability of this folding propeller blade. The blades fold down due to gravity and open up as the mixer is activated.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Most Dispersion blades have issues realted to sufficient fluid motion to get a batch to complete uniformity.  Mixer Direct addresses that problem with the HFD line.  Each blade has axial flow blades integrated into the geometry of the blade, providing extra flow for higher visocosity applications.  Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.This heavy-duty rotor is made with 316L stainless steel. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.The Radial flow turbine creates a radial flow pattern moving away from the impeller, towards the sides of the vessel. The flow of this stainless-steel radial blade impacts the side and moves in either an upward or downward direction to fill the top and bottom of the impeller and be ejected once more. Some applications benefit greatly from this type of action, namely gas dispersion. Radial flow turbines have a high horsepower draw relative to axial flow turbines and other axial flow impellers.Mixer Direct's Lab Radial Flow Turbine features a 1.5" blade, a 3/8" bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propeller type agitators are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, these 3 blade propeller type agitators will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes propeller agitators in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product.  This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being right handed, they will pump in a upward direction when rotating clockwise.  This can be ideal for some products with high settling rate or sensitive to air impartation.  Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Ultra Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the 6 inch blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The Ultra Shear Blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product. This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Most Dispersion blades have issues realted to sufficient fluid motion to get a batch to complete uniformity.  Mixer Direct addresses that problem with the HFD line.  Each blade has axial flow blades integrated into the geometry of the blade, providing extra flow for higher visocosity applications.  Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.The 3-bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s 3-inch propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, this 3-inch propeller will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.316L stainless steel mixing hydrofoil. High pumping per horsepower. Low shear.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a  fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.The Radial flow turbine creates a radial flow pattern moving away from the impeller, towards the sides of the vessel. The flow of this stainless-steel turbine impacts the side and moves in either an upward or downward direction to fill the top and bottom of the impeller and be ejected once more. Some applications benefit greatly from this type of action, namely gas dispersion. Radial flow turbines have a high horsepower draw relative to axial flow turbines and other axial flow impellers. Mixer Direct's Lab Radial Flow, Stainless-Steel Turbine features a 2" blade, a 3/8" bore, and a hub with set screw attachment for easy blade installment.Ultra-Shear Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. The high-speed dispersion blade includes extra surface area at the blade tip to facilitate even higher levels of shear in the product. This leads to even faster throughput! Typically used in paints and inks, these high-speed dispersion blades are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.The 3 bladed stainless square pitch impeller is the staple impeller for many mixing processes due to its efficiency and durability. Mixer Direct’s propellers are solid 316L for maximum corrosion resistance in most environments. Being left handed, they will pump in a downward direction when rotating clockwise. Almost every process industry utilizes this product in some capacity, from chemical and coatings, to pharmaceutical and construction.Dispersion Blades rotate at high RPMs to facilitate the quick impartation of solids at a fine grind. The liquid contacts the blade and moves outward to to flow over the teeth breaking the agglomerations into increasing smaller particles. Typically used in paints and inks, they are now being used in a variety of industries for increased efficiency.Today, modern mixing equipment has made mixing processes more time and cost efficient while at the same time delivering more satisfactory results.Axial and radial flow impellers are rotating industrial mixer components designed for various types of mixing.Impellers are the component of the mixer which imparts flow.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved