Other This Air Stirrer powerhead is ready to attach to your stand and get to work. With a 10" X 5/8" stainless rod ground and polished to mate flawlessly with the SCP062062, this motor assembly will fit most lab or small batch operations. Chuck will accept up to a 1/2" shaft. Air motor is equipped with a muffler and needle control valve.This Air Stirrer powerhead is ready to attach to your stand and get to work. With a 10" X 5/8" stainless rod ground and polished to mate flawlessly with the SCP062062, this motor assembly will fit most lab or small batch operations. Coupling will accept a 1/2" shaft. Air motor is equipped with a muffler and needle control valve.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. Engineered with outstanding durability lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment.  Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. Engineered with outstanding durability and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment. A 5:1 turndown ratio provides the torque necessary to mix more viscous fluids. Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!The Mixer Direct sanitary tri-clamp mixer line is built for sanitary applications requiring a wash down design. This line is constructed for food, various beverage and pharmaceutical applications, or any application requiring a high degree of cleanability. The sanitary tri-clamp ensures suitability for sanitary requirements that would necessitate a full wash down of the equipment. This white wash down construct protects against most types of chemical, moisture, or humidity related corrosion, and other washdown processes taking place in the vicinity where overspray might occur.This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings. With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each NPT bung mounting mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers.Download The Electric Direct Drive Tech Sheet  This bung inserted mixer allows you to mount it directly to the side of a 55 gallon drum or any similar vessel. The folding props enter through the 2” bunghole and automatically open with centripetal force and provide mixing for low to medium viscosities. With heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. This mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and (2) 4" 304SS set screw attached impeller. Mixer Direct customization options include longer shafts, multiple gear ratios, and varied impellers to encompass any mixing need.Download the drum bracket mount electric direct drive tech sheet  Drum Bracket Mixers unique design attaches to any standard metal 55 gallon drum. The drum bracket’s lightweight and sturdy construction allows mixing to be performed in the drum eliminating the need to transfer the product to another container. Mixer Direct’s Drum Bracket’s angled end plate provides a rigid mount to the 55 gallon drum allowing for more vigorous mixing. The electric direct drive allows mixing from low to medium viscosities and comes equipped with (1) 5" Hydrofoil . Mixer Direct offers a unique baffle option to prevent vortexing and improve top to bottom mixing. Our customization options for this electric barrel inserted mixer include longer shafts, multiple gear ratios, and varied impellers to encompass any mixing need.Ever wish that you could install the mixer and cover the drum in one easy step? Wish no more. This lid mounted mixing machine is ideal for use in small batches and where some shear action is required. All of the materials contacting the fluid are constructed of 316 grade stainless steel, ensuring a high level of resistence to chemical attack. A square pitched left hand propeller is included with the mixer, providing a significant amount of flow per horsepower.This line of mixers from Mixer Direct attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application.This line of mixers from MixerDirect attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. A high performance Viton Lip Seal allows for closed system mixing keeping dust and other particulates out of your process. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application.The Heavy Duty Clamp mount mixers are the work horses of Mixer Direct’s portable mixer line. With heat treated aluminum housings you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer include a lower support bear taking the radial shaft load off of the motor/gearbox extending their longevity. Outstanding adjustability allows shaft positioning on two axis of rotation. Each mixer comes standard with an oversized 316SS shaft and 316SS set screw attached propellers. Many options are available on these mixer with multiple impeller types, stand mounting options, and varied shaft lengths.The Plate Mount direct drive mixer typically is bolted to two channels across the top of the tank. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This 1 HP electric mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Learn more about this electric tank mixer on the right.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. These stainless steel washdown industrial mixers were constructed to be used in the most sterile environments. Engineered with easily cleanable surfaces, outstanding durability, and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment rated for sterile applications.  Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings.  With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. Featuring a double sealed bearing and shaft seal this bung mount mixer is perfect for mixing applications that required a closed system.The Stainless Steel Clamp mount mixer. With clean lines, lightweight portability, and intelligent design, the Stainless Steel Clamp mount mixer is an excellent choice for your food and pharmaceutical applications as well as your harsh chemical environment applications.
This mixer line features adjustable vertical movement and a fixed Tri-Post 15° offset mount for ideal mixing performance. This unique Tri-Post mount feature creates the perfect offset to ensure your mixer benefits from the natural baffling effect of properly placed portable agitation. The Tri-Post mount can be clamped onto any vertical surface or can be mounted to a dedicated mixing stand. The Mixer Direct stainless steel mixing stand is highlighted below.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. Engineered with outstanding durability and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment. Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!The Mixer Direct sanitary tri-clamp mixer line is built for sanitary applications requiring a wash down design. This line is constructed for food, various beverage and pharmaceutical applications, or any application requiring a high degree of cleanability. The sanitary tri-clamp ensures suitability for sanitary requirements that would necessitate a full wash down of the equipment. This white wash down construct protects against most types of chemical, moisture, or humidity related corrosion, and other washdown processes taking place in the vicinity where overspray might occur.This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings. With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each bung mixing machine for industrial use comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers.Drum Bracket Mixers unique design attaches to any standard metal 55 gallon drum. The drum mixer with bracket mount's lightweight and sturdy construction allows mixing to be performed in the drum eliminating the need to transfer the product to another container. Mixer Direct’s Drum Bracket’s angled end plate provides a rigid mount to the 55 gallon drum allowing for more vigorous mixing. The electric gear drive have a 7.5:1 worm gear reduction which provides the torque to mix medium to high viscosities and comes equipped with (1) 10" Axial flow turbine . Mixer Direct offers a unique baffle option to prevent vortexing and improve top to bottom mixing. Our customization options include longer shafts, multiple gear ratios, and varied impellers to encompass any mixing need.Ever wish that you could install the mixer and cover the drum in one easy step? Wish no more. This industrial stirring machine for barrels is ideal for use in viscous batches and where some geared down power is required. All of the materials contacting the fluid are constructed of 316 grade stainless steel, ensuring a high level of resistence to chemical attack. A hydrofoil impeller is included with the mixer, providing a significant amount of flow per horsepower.This line of mixers from Mixer Direct attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application.This line of mixers from MixerDirect attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. A high performance Viton Lip Seal allows for closed system mixing keeping dust and other particulates out of your process. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application.The Heavy Duty Clamp mount mixers are the work horses of Mixer Direct’s portable mixer line. With heat treated aluminum housings you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer include a lower support bear taking the radial shaft load off of the motor/gearbox extending their longevity. Outstanding adjustability allows shaft positioning on two axis of rotation. Each mixer comes standard with an oversized 316SS shaft and 316SS set screw attached propellers. Many options are available on these mixer with multiple impeller types, stand mounting options, and varied shaft lengths.The Plate Mount Mixer typically is bolted to two channels across the top of the tank. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. These stainless steel washdown industrial mixers were constructed to be used in the most sterile environments. Engineered with easily cleanable surfaces, outstanding durability, and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment rated for sterile applications. A 5:1 turndown ratio provides the torque necessary to mix more viscous fluids. Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings.  With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. Featuring a double sealed bearing and shaft seal this bung mount mixer is perfect for mixing applications that required a closed system.The Stainless Steel Clamp mount mixer. With clean lines, lightweight portability, and intelligent design, the Stainless Steel Clamp mount mixer is an excellent choice for your food and pharmaceutical applications as well as your harsh chemical environment applications.
This mixer line features adjustable vertical movement and a fixed Tri-Post 15° offset mount for ideal mixing performance. This unique Tri-Post mount feature creates the perfect offset to ensure your mixer benefits from the natural baffling effect of properly placed portable agitation. The Tri-Post mount can be clamped onto any vertical surface or can be mounted to a dedicated mixing stand. The Mixer Direct stainless steel mixing stand is highlighted below.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility.  Engineered with outstanding durability and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment. A 5:1 turndown ratio provides the torque necessary to mix more viscous fluids. Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!The Mixer Direct sanitary tri-clamp mixer line is built for sanitary applications requiring a wash down design. This line is constructed for food, various beverage and pharmaceutical applications, or any application requiring a high degree of cleanability. The sanitary tri-clamp ensures suitability for sanitary requirements that would necessitate a full wash down of the equipment. This white wash down construct protects against most types of chemical, moisture, or humidity related corrosion, and other washdown processes taking place in the vicinity where overspray might occur.This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The explosion proof bung mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings. With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each direct electric barrel mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. Rated for use in explosion proof environments.Ever wish that you could install the mixer and cover the drum in one easy step? Wish no more. The drum cover mixing machine is ideal for use in small batches and where some shear action is required. All of the materials contacting the fluid are constructed of 316 grade stainless steel, ensuring a high level of resistence to chemical attack. A square pitched left hand propeller is included with the mixer, providing a significant amount of flow per horsepower. Includes an explosion proof motor for rated environments.This line of mixers from Mixer Direct attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.This line of mixers from MixerDirect attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. A high performance Viton Lip Seal allows for closed system mixing keeping dust and other particulates out of your process. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.The Heavy Duty Clamp mount mixers are the work horses of Mixer Direct’s portable mixer line. With heat treated aluminum housings you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each heavy duty mixer includes a lower support bearing taking the radial shaft load off of the motor/gearbox extending their longevity. Outstanding adjustability allows shaft positioning on two axis of rotation. Each direct drive mixer comes standard with an oversized 316SS shaft and 316SS set screw attached propellers. Many options are available on these mixers with multiple impeller types, stand mounting options, and varied shaft lengths. Explosion Proof mixers are made for use in rated environments.The Plate Mount Mixer typically is bolted to two channels across the top of the tank. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The industrial sealed bung mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings. With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. Rated for use in explosion proof environments. Featuring a double sealed bearing and shaft seal this bung mount mixer is perfect for mixing applications that required a closed system.Download the drum bracket mount explosion proof direct drive tech sheet  Drum Bracket Mixers unique design attaches to any standard metal 55 gallon drum. The customizable direct drive drum mixing machine's lightweight and sturdy construction allows mixing to be performed in the drum eliminating the need to transfer the product to another container. Mixer Direct’s Drum Bracket’s angled end plate provides a rigid mount to the 55 gallon drum allowing for more vigorous mixing. The explosion proof electric direct drive allows mixing from low to medium viscosities and comes equipped with (1) 5.5" hydrofoil .The explosion prof motor is rated Division I, Class I, Group D and can be used in locations with contain flammable gas or vapor. Mixer Direct offers a unique baffle option to prevent vortexing and improve top to bottom mixing. Our customization options include longer shafts, multiple gear ratios, and varied impellers to encompass any mixing need.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. Engineered with outstanding durability lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment.  Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!Download the drum bracket mount explosion proof direct drive tech sheet  Drum Bracket Mixers unique design attaches to any standard metal 55 gallon drum. The drum bracket’s lightweight and sturdy construction allows mixing to be performed in the drum eliminating the need to transfer the product to another container. Mixer Direct’s Drum Bracket’s angled end plate provides a rigid mount to the 55 gallon drum allowing for more vigorous mixing. The explosion proof electric gear drive mixer has a 7.5:1 worm gear reduction which allows mixing from medium to high viscosities and comes equipped with (1) 10" axial flow turbine .The explosion prof motor is rated Division I, Class I, Group D and can be used in locations with contain flammable gas or vapor. Mixer Direct offers a unique baffle option to prevent vortexing and improve top to bottom mixing. Our customization options include longer shafts, multiple gear ratios, and varied impellers to encompass any mixing need.Designed to attach to a 3" Tri-Clamp mount fittings, Mixer Direct's Tri-Clamp Mount Mixers offer extreme durability and versatility. Engineered with outstanding durability and lightweight portability these agitators come equipped with stainless steel propellers. A high performance seal ensures a sealed environment. A 5:1 turndown ratio provides the torque necessary to mix more viscous fluids. Mixer Direct offers many customization options including longer shafts, varying gear ratios, and many impeller types. We can customize the Tri-Clamp Mount Mixer to fit any application just call one of our sales engineers or fill out a contact form!This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings.  With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. Rated for use in explosion proof environments.Ever wish that you could install the mixer and cover the drum in one easy step? Wish no more. This industrial explosion proof mixer is ideal for use in viscous batches and where some geared down power is required. All of the materials contacting the fluid are constructed of 316 grade stainless steel, ensuring a high level of resistence to chemical attack. A square pitched left hand propeller is included with the mixer, providing a significant amount of flow per horsepower. Includes an explosion proof motor for rated environments.This line of mixers from Mixer Direct attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.This line of mixers from MixerDirect attaches to a 2.5”-150# ANSI flange. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. A high performance Viton Lip Seal allows for closed system mixing keeping dust and other particulates out of your process. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.The Heavy Duty Clamp mount mixers are the work horses of Mixer Direct’s portable mixer line. With heat treated aluminum housings you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer include a lower support bearing taking the radial shaft load off of the motor/gearbox extending their longevity. Outstanding adjustability allows shaft positioning on two axis of rotation. Each mixer comes standard with an oversized 316SS shaft and 316SS set screw attached propellers. Many options are available on these mixers with multiple impeller types, stand mounting options, and varied shaft lengths. Explosion Proof mixers are made for use in rated environments.The Plate Mount Mixer typically is bolted to two channels across the top of the tank. It is designed for heavy duty applications with an extra flange mounted support bearing and all welded construction. This mixer is highly customizable with multiple gear ratios, seal packages, flange sizes, impellers and shaft lengths for your application. Explosion Proof models are designed for rated areas.This mixer allows you to mount it directly to the 2” NPT bung on a 55 gal drum lid or on any vessel. The folding props will slip through the bung opening and automatically open with centripetal force. The mixer will work both in side and center placed bung openings. With a heat treated aluminum housing you get both outstanding durability and lightweight portability. Each mixer comes standard with a 5/8” diameter 316SS shaft and 304SS set screw attached impellers. This overhead bung mixer is rated for use in explosion proof environments. Featuring a double sealed bearing and shaft seal this bung mount mixer is perfect for mixing applications that required a closed system.We'll never share your email address and you can opt out at any time, we promise.Mixer Direct is founded on the idea that you can size and select your own mixing equipment. Sort through one of the largest lines of mixers, impellers, containers and accessories in the industry© 2020 Mixer Direct  -  All Rights Reserved